About Bilkent Academics Research Students Campus Life Prospective Students Türkçe WebMail STARS Library Art / Music Contact Give Now Home » Scholarships Scholarships Around 44% of Bilkent University’s student body benefits from a variety of scholarships. None of these Bilkent University scholarships carry any future obligations on the part of the recipient. Scholarships for International Students International applicants who apply for financial assistance will be evaluated according to their high school grades and their national and international exam scores. For more information please visit the web page: https://w3.bilkent.edu.tr/international/scholarships-for-international-students/ Turkish citizens may qualify for a Full or 50% tuition scholarship based on their placement via the Evaluation, Selection and Placement Center (ÖSYM). In the ÖSYM system there are different quotas for each scholarship status. Students qualifying for Full Scholarship may further qualify for a Comprehensive Scholarship based on their university entrance exam performance. The scholarships are guaranteed to continue for two years in the English Preparatory Program, for up to 2 years in the English Preparatory program and up to 6 years in the undergraduate programs. The comprehensive scholarship of students whose undergraduate education extends beyond five years, becomes a full scholarship in the 6th year. For the students who have previously benefited from the Bilkent University scholarships, the previous scholarship duration is deduced from the maximum duration. On the condition that the student takes the normal course load each semester and attends the classes regularly, Bilkent University assures that scholarships will not be terminated within the maximum allowed duration and will not be affected by issues such as grade point average or passing course. Those students who are replaced in the same department in the following central placement period, cannot benefit from Bilkent University scholarships (excluding non-credit courses, GE100 and GE251 courses and withdrawn courses). Comprehensive and Full Scholarship students who attend the Summer School, do not pay any tuition; 50% scholarship students pay half of the course fee. Full Scholarship: In order to qualify for a Full Scholarship, a student must be placed to a program via the Full Scholarship quota as listed in the Higher Education Programs and Quotas Guide published by ÖSYM. Full Scholarship students receive a full tuition waiver. The students who previously graduated from a university with a bachelor’s degree cannot benefit from a full scholarship. Comprehensive Scholarship: Full Scholarship students will qualify for a Comprehensive Scholarship if they are ranked in the top 10.000 (within the ranking of 0.12 multiplier scores) in one of the score types SAY, EA, SÖZ, or in the top 250 in the score type DİL, and be placed to a department with the same score type. In addition to a full tuition waiver, the Comprehensive scholarship offers a monthly stipend (18,000 TL per month for 8 months per annum for 2026-2027 academic year Fall semester) and free accommodation in double room dormitories. Any comprehensive scholar, who does not choose to stay in dormitories will receive an additional stipend of 13,000 TL per month. The students who previously graduated from a university with a bachelor’s degree cannot benefit from a comprehensive scholarship. 50% Scholarship: In order to qualify for a 50% Scholarship, a student must be placed to a program via the 50% Scholarship quota as listed in the Higher Education Programs and Quotas Guide published by ÖSYM. 50% Scholarship students receive a 50% tuition waiver. The students may also be granted a merit scholarship provided they meet the qualifications. The students who previously graduated from a university with a bachelor’s degree cannot benefit from a 50% scholarship. Talent-Based Scholarship: The Faculty of Music and Performing Arts offer talent-based scholarships to students who demonstrate a high level of performance in the entrance exam. The talent-based scholarship covers partial tuition waiver and its continuation depends on the academic success of the student. The students who previously graduated from a university with a bachelor’s degree cannot benefit from a talent-based scholarship. The talent-based scholarship covers either full tuition waiver or partial tuition waiver and it is non-refundable. Its continuation depends on the academic success of the student. In terms of the talent-based scholarships, it is considered unsuccessful for the students to get FZ in the English Preparatory Program. (The students who get F in the ECA exam, are not considered unsuccessful in terms of scholarship.) The success criteria and the continuation of the scholarship of the Music and Performing Art students are determined and evaluated by the scholarship committee. The Faculty of Art, Design and Architecture students in the undergraduate program should take at least a minimum curriculum course load every semester and should attain a grade point average of at least 1.80. (excluding non-credit courses, GE100 and GE251 courses and withdrawn courses.). The Music and Performing Arts talent-based scholarship students who were abroad as an exchange student in the previous two semesters, grade point average will be based on single semester grade average. Exchange students in the exchange semester should get passing grades from the minimum course load they have taken from their departments. The failed students’ scholarship will be terminated. Those students whose scholarships have been terminated due to failure, will not benefit from a scholarship even if they are successful in subsequent years. The scholarship of the students with disciplinary penalty will be terminated. If the students with talent-based scholarship want to transfer to another department, the internal transfer regulations will be essential. Merit Scholarship: Non-scholarship students who have taken at least a minimum curriculum course load (excluding any additional courses, withdrawn courses, GE 100-250-251, non-credit courses and repeated courses in Spring, already taken in Fall semester) and attained a grade point average of 3.30 or above for one academic year are eligible to receive a merit scholarship for the following academic year if they are ranked in the top 5% of all non-scholarship students in their department. 50% Scholarship students who have taken at least a minimum curriculum course load (excluding any additional courses, withdrawn courses, GE 100-250-251, non-credit courses and repeated courses in Spring, already taken in Fall semester) and attained a grade point average of 3.30 or above for one academic year are eligible to receive a merit scholarship for the following academic year if they are ranked in the top 3% of all scholarship students in their department. Merit scholarships provide partial or full tuition waiver, depending on the rank of the student. Students in English or French Preparatory programs do not qualify for this type of scholarship. Information for: Undergrads International Students Exchange Students Faculty / Staff Alumni Prospective Students Visitors İhsan and Ayser Doğramacı Science, Culture and Art Center Bilkent Malatya School Bilkent Erzurum School BLIS Özel Bilkent School Bilkent Music Preparatory School Bilkent News Radio Bilkent (96.6 FM) Video Archive Academic Positions Available Personal Data Protection Copyright © Bilkent University. All Rights Reserved