When you access EPFL websites, we may set cookies on your devices and process personal data about you in accordance with our privacy policy. You can block cookies by using your browser settings. OK Skip to content About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus EN Education Affiche les pages de même niveau Master Affiche les pages de même niveau Master excellence fellowships Affiche les pages de même niveau In the same section Study programs structure Master’s programs Master Info Days Double degrees, joint Master’s Master excellence fellowships Application & deadlines FAQ EPFL Students Prizes Master excellence fellowships In order to reward the most outstanding students who are beginning their Master’s studies, EPFL offers a limited number of excellence fellowships, along with guaranteed housing, to candidates who have achieved remarkable academic results and who distinguish themselves in extracurricular activities, whether sporting, artistic, civic, or entrepreneurial. Excellence and diversity These fellowships, worth CHF 10,000 per semester, are available to students who have obtained their Bachelor’s degree at EPFL, as well as to those who have begun their university studies at another institution. Their objective is to allow students to concentrate on their Master’s studies while also having the opportunity to undertake various activities likely to enrich their professional background and to develop cross-disciplinary skills. Thanks to this financial support, the School also hopes to widen their perspectives by allowing them to choose their internships and first work experiences according to their scientific interest and ambitions. Application and fellowship renewal In order to be eligible for this fellowship, interested students must check the corresponding box on their Master’s application form and provide the requested application file. Internal candidates wishing to continue in the same field of study submit the application directly to their section. While the academic background is a crucial point in the evaluation of applications, EPFL also takes into consideration the candidates’ experiences in various areas such as research (publications, prizes or fellowships), entrepreneurship (patent applications, start-up creation), or societal commitment (associative or civic activities, organization of festivals and events). Therefore, all outstanding achievements enriching the students’ profile will be taken into account. In order for the fellowship to be renewed for the second year of the Master’s degree, students must have obtained at least 50 ECTS credits and have an overall average of 5,0/6. How to apply ? Eligibility and application. Read more FAQ Answers to most common questions. Read more Donors The Master Excellence Fellowships are part of the “Attract Talent” pillar of the Student Support Program, a philanthropic program that supports the educational journey of students. We would like to warmly thank the Basil Panzer Trust, Dr Liu Shaoming, the Fondation du Domaine de Villette, the Fondation Léonard Gianadda Mécénat, FAMSA Foundation, Alan Howard, Anne-Sylvie Visseur Vauclair, Novartis, Squarepoint Foundation, Incyte, Holdinova SA and Nexthink as well as all donors who wish to remain anonymous, for their support to our students. Choosing a Master’s study program Master’s programs EPFL offers 29 Master’s programs. The programs are distributed among the five faculties and two colleges that make up the School. More Double degrees, joint Master’s and 1:1 Master’s EPFL, via strategic alliances with certain international academic partners, offers students with outstanding academic records the opportunity to follow a double degree or a joint degree program. More Research internships EPFL offers research internships in cutting-edge laboratories to highly qualified students from the program’s partner institutions who are looking for a stimulating and supervised practical experience at a leading university. More Contact For further information on the MSc Excellence Fellowship Program, please contact us: master.fellowship@epfl.ch EPFL AVP-E SPE Centre Midi – CM2 348 Station 10 CH – 1015 Lausanne Access map About Organization and identity Associated Campuses Data Presidency Vice Presidencies Working at EPFL Recruiting EPFL Talents Equality, Diversity, Inclusion Respect Sustainability News & Media Philanthropy EPFL Alumni Education Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory Year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study Management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education & Science Outreach Infrastructures Under Development Engaging with Society Research Mission and Policy Research Domains EPFL Research Facilities Faculty Members Solutions 4 Sustainability - S4S Awards and Prizes Funding Opportunities Research Management Support From Lab to Market Research Ethics Research with Animals Open Science Innovation Industry Collaboration Innovation Initiatives Startup Launchpad Campus Services & Resources Library Restaurants, Shops & Hotels Security, Prevention & Health Sports Community & Support Chaplaincy Events Arts & Culture Associations Visit EPFL Mobility & Travel Schools & Colleges School of Architecture, Civil & Environmental Engineering ENAC School of Basic Sciences SB School of Engineering STI School of Computer & Communication Sciences IC School of Life Sciences SV College of Management of Technology CDM Practical Services & Resources Emergencies: +41 21 693 3000 Contact Map Follow EPFL on social media Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Mastodon Follow us on X Follow us on Youtube Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy policy © 2025 EPFL, all rights reserved