Skip to main content Site search Researcher Search close CLOSE search グローバルナビゲーション（英語） About Research & Collaborate Study at KyotoU Global KyotoU ヘッダー プライマリーリンク（英語） Current Students & Staff Alumni ヘッダー セカンダリーリンク（日本語以外） Events Directions Contact Make a gift Language Breadcrumb Home Study at KyotoU Visa/tuition/scholarships/housing Scholarships Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship サイドメニュー（英語） Visa/tuition/scholarships/housing Visa and life in Japan Tuition Scholarships Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship Housing In other languages 日本語 The following information is intended for prospective international students currently based overseas and wishing to attend Kyoto University on the Japanese Government (Monbukagakusho: MEXT) Scholarship. For information for privately-financed international students currently enrolled at Kyoto University, see Scholarships for privately-financed international students. Categories Application period, eligibility, and benefits Application procedures (overseas selection) Embassy Recommendation University Recommendation Contact Categories The Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship, funded by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT), is available to seven categories of students: 1) Research Students (Graduate-Degree Students and Research [non-degree] Students), 2) Teacher Training Students, 3) Undergraduate Students, 4) Japanese Studies Students, 5) College of Technology Students, 6) Professional Training College Students, and 7) Young Leaders Program (YLP) Students. Kyoto University accepts the following categories of international students: Research Students Undergraduate Students Japanese Studies Students Graduate degree and non-degree students Undergraduate degree students Credited auditors Application period, eligibility, and benefits (as of May 2026) The information provided below is based on past application guidelines and subject to change. Prospective applicants are advised to read the guidelines applicable to their intended year of entry. Reference: MEXT: "About the MEXT Scholarships" The above webpage is written mostly in Japanese, but is linked to pages providing links to application guidelines in English. Category Research Students Undergraduate Students2 Japanese Studies Students3 Application method Overseas Selection Embassy Recommendation University Recommendation (general program) Embassy Recommendation4 Embassy Recommendation University Recommendation Application period Around April – May Around November – December1 Around April – May Around December Around February1 Arrival in Japan Early April or late September of the following year Late September Around April of the following year Late September of the following year Late September Selection method Evaluation of submitted documents, a written exam, an interview, and others Evaluation of submitted documents, an interview, and others Eligibility Those who have graduated, or expect to graduate, from an undergraduate or higher degree program Those who have graduated, or expect to graduate, from a secondary school or equivalent Overseas undergraduate students majoring in fields related to the Japanese language and/or culture (having studied these subjects for a total period of one year or more as of 1 September of the year they expect to arrive in Japan), and expecting to return to their home universities after completing a program in Japan Age (as of 1 April of the year of arrival) 34 or younger 24 or younger 18–29 Duration Non-degree students: up to 2 years, including a six-month Japanese-language training period5, 6 (not mandatory for those with sufficient language skills) Non-degree students: up to 18 months6 Five years, including a one-year Japanese language training period2 One year Degree students (master's, professional, and doctoral): until completion of the degree program (not to exceed the standard number of years required)6 Monthly stipend7 Non-degree students 143,000 yen Master's and professional-degree students 144,000 yen Doctoral students 145,000 yen 117,000 yen 117,000 yen Additional monthly payment: 3,000 yen for those studying/conducting research in Kyoto City 2,000 yen for those conducting research in Uji or Inuyama City School fees7 Examination, admission, and tuition fees are exempted Traveling cost7 One round-trip ticket is provided 1 These periods are for application through Kyoto University. 2 The language training is provided at either ABK College or Osaka University during the first year of the scholarship period. The program includes Japanese language and other subjects needed to prepare for undergraduate studies, and must be completed before the student goes on to university. The university to be attended by the student for undergraduate studies is determined by MEXT in consultation with the preparatory educational institution and the university itself. For details, refer to the MEXT Scholarship application guidelines. Please note that undergraduate MEXT Scholarship students are not eligible to enroll in the six-year programs at the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences’ Division of Pharmacy and the Faculty of Medicine’s School of Medical Science at Kyoto University. 3 For details on Kyoto University's Japanese studies program, see: Japanese Studies Students Program (in Japanese). 4 University Recommendation is also available, but is limited to the following programs: Undergraduate International Course Program of Civil Engineering, Undergraduate School of Civil, Environmental and Resources Engineering, Faculty of Engineering Kyoto iUP For details, please contact the administrative office of each program. 5 Intensive Japanese language training is available to MEXT Research and Teacher Training Students expecting to conduct graduate-level research in the Kyoto or Shiga region. For details, see Intensive Japanese Language Course for Monbukagakusho Scholarship Students. 6 Those wishing to go on to a master's, doctoral, or professional degree program may apply for an extension of the scholarship to cover their postgraduate studies. Applications are evaluated by the university and MEXT, and may be granted based on academic records and other criteria. Please note that not all the applications are approved. 7 All scholarship benefits are subject to specified requirements. Application procedures (overseas selection) Pre-arrival applications should be submitted through either: 1) a Japanese diplomatic mission (Embassy Recommendation) or 2) a Japanese university (University Recommendation). Most of the MEXT Scholarship students at Kyoto University earned their scholarships through Embassy Recommendation. Note: For information for privately-financed international students currently enrolled at Kyoto University, see Scholarships for privately-financed international students. 1. Embassy Recommendation To obtain an "Embassy Recommendation", applicants must submit their applications to the Japanese embassy, consulate, or other diplomatic mission in their home countries for the initial screening. Those interested are advised to contact an appropriate Japanese diplomatic mission in their countries. In China, however, applications should be submitted to the country's Ministry of Education for the first screening. The application requirements, schedule, and process differ from those for Embassy Recommendation. Successful applicants usually arrive in Japan in October. Contact your home university in China or China Scholarship Council (CSC) for more details. Regular schedule (subject to change) Before arriving in Japan April Application May – August Japanese diplomatic mission review ("first screening") In the case of research students: Application for a Letter of Provisional Acceptance from a Japanese university10 October MEXT review ("second screening") January - March Notification of results March (September)9 Immigration procedures During the stay in Japan Early April (late September)9 Arrival in Japan A. Research (non-degree) students: Japanese language training Preparation for entrance exams Conducting research B. Degree students: Undergraduate, master's, doctoral, or professional-degree studies6 Note: Students need to have passed the entrance exam before the program begin Entrance examination Undergraduate, master's, doctoral, or professional-degree studies6 Returning to home country 9 Months in parentheses are for those arriving in late September. 10 See the following section: "For those wishing to obtain a Letter of Provisional Acceptance from Kyoto University". For those wishing to obtain a Letter of Provisional Acceptance from Kyoto University Follow the procedures outlined below after receiving the Passing Certificate of the First Screening or a notification of selection from a Japanese diplomatic mission. Period for requesting a Letter of Provisional Acceptance From the date of receipt of the Passing Certificate through Tuesday 1 September 2026 (JST)11, 12 11 Requests received on or after Wednesday 2 September will not be accepted. 12 Please note that some graduate schools/research institutes may close applications before 1 September 2025. Procedures and contact method Choose a prospective academic advisor, such as by searching the webpages listed below. The University is not available to make any recommendations; applicants are responsible for selecting their academic advisors based on their own research interests. Obtain a Passing Certificate of the First Screening from a Japanese diplomatic mission, contact the prospective academic advisor, and request a Letter of Provisional Acceptance from that faculty. Applicants may contact a prospective academic advisor in either of the following two ways: As part of an online application process through the Admissions Assistance Office (AAO) AAO Guideline for applicants who passed the 1st screening of the MEXT Scholarship Embassy Recommendation Note: The University needs to receive the scholarship application documents in order to issue a letter of provisional acceptance. Please carefully read the AAO Guidelines linked above and submit your application accordingly. Directly or through the administrative office of the graduate school/research institute Contact information can be found via the following: Activity Database on Education and Research (for locating prospective academic advisors) Administrative offices Email requests for a Letter of Provisional Acceptance must have the following as the subject line: <MEXT: Embassy Recommendation> Application for a Letter of Provisional Acceptance Notes It may take a month or more for the graduate school or the faculty member concerned to evaluate the submitted materials and make a decision about the application. The above-mentioned date, 1 September 2026, is not the day when the application results are announced (successful applicants will be issued a completed Letter of Provisional Acceptance). It is therefore advisable to apply for the AAO process in plenty of time. Those issued a Letter of Provisional Acceptance must apply not only for the scholarship but also for the University. In particular, those wishing to enroll in a master's, doctoral, or professional-degree program are required to pass the entrance exam carried out by the graduate school concerned. Learn about the application period and other details by reading the guidelines provided on the graduate school websites. Those who decide to withdraw their application after being issued a Letter of Provisional Acceptance are asked to immediately contact their prospective academic advisor. University offices are closed on Saturdays, Sundays, and official holidays. Please note that all administrative services, including replying to email inquiries, will be suspended on those days. During August 2026, University offices will be closed on the following dates: Tuesday 11 August (national holiday) Monday 10 & Wednesday 12 August (University summer closure period) Additionally, some offices, including the International Student Division, will be closed Thursday 13 – Friday 14 August as well. Resources for finding a prospective academic advisor Kyoto University Graduate Schools Kyoto University Activity Database of Education and Research Information on the education and research activities of KyotoU teaching staff can be found at the following websites as well: Meet KU Researchers Kyoto University Research Information Repository Kyoto-U OpenCourseWare Language of instruction All Kyoto University undergraduate, master's, and professional degree courses and examinations, with the exception of English-taught degree programs, are generally conducted in the Japanese language. Therefore, most of those intending to enroll in the University's undergraduate, master's, and professional degree programs must have sufficient proficiency in Japanese at the time of matriculation. Please read this page to learn about English-taught degree programs offered by the University, and this page for Japanese-language learning opportunities available after enrollment. 2. University Recommendation (general program) The application process varies by graduate school, so prospective applicants are advised to contact the administrative office of the school they wish to apply for. Kyoto University screens the applications and selects candidates to recommend to MEXT as research(non-degree), master's, professional-degree, or doctoral students. In general, those who do not intend to enter a degree (master's, doctoral, or professional) program are not eligible to apply for university recommendations. Those interested in an undergraduate program are advised to read Note 4 in "Application period, eligibility, and benefits". Eligibility for the University Recommendation Scholarship (general program) is limited to nationals and citizens of the countries and regions designated by MEXT. Graduate Schools Regular schedule (subject to change) Before arriving in Japan November – December Application Graduate School review* January Kyoto University review* February – May MEXT review Around June Notification of results July – September Immigration procedures During the stay in Japan Late September Arrival in Japan A. Research (non-degree) students: Preparation for entrance exams Conducting research B. Degree students: Undergraduate, master's, doctoral, or professional-degree studies6 Note: Students need to have passed the entrance exam before the program begin Entrance examination Undergraduate, master's, doctoral, or professional-degree studies6 Returning to home country * Each Graduate School may typically nominate one applicant to the University, and the University up to three applicants to MEXT. Regarding the handling of personal information Personal information provided at the time of application and personal information related to the application will be used for the scholarship screening process. The information may also be used for the general management of financial support data within the university, and for the management and screening of other projects within the university to facilitate its provision of appropriate support. Contact International Student Support Section International Student Division Kyoto University Email: intlstudent*mail2.adm.kyoto-u.ac.jp (replace * with @) Student exchange programs Short-term international students Social media directory 〒606-8501 Yoshida-honmachi, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto-shi, Kyoto JAPAN Tel: 075-753-7531 フッター プライマリーリンク Publications Careers Directions フッター セカンダリーリンク Site map Privacy policy Site Policy フッター スペシャルリンク Safety Confirmation System Staff portal (in Japanese) Copyright © Kyoto University. All Rights Reserved. Scroll to top