About iUP Academics Student Support BLOG How to Apply FAQ Student Support Financial Support Accommodation Study & Life Support Financial Support Scholarship Scholarships that include full admission fee waivers and full or partial tuition fee waivers for four-and-a-half years are available for all Kyoto iUP students. Additionally, a monthly allowance of up to JPY 120,000 per month is provided to all Kyoto iUP students during the six-month preparatory course. After enrolling in the undergraduate course, merit-based monthly allowances from a variety of supporting companies and organizations are available for eligible students. Fee waivers The following table lists the tuition and other fees. Full admission fee waivers and full or partial tuition fee waivers for four-and-half years are available for all Kyoto iUP students. Application Fee Admission Fee Tuition Fee Preparatory Course JPY 9,800 JPY 28,200 Full waiver is applied JPY 296,000 (6months) Full waiver is applied Undergraduate Course JPY 17,000 JPY 282,000 Full waiver is applied JPY 535,800 (Annual) Full and partial waivers is applied Supporters The following companies and organizations share our mission and offer scholarships to provide financial support for Kyoto iUP students. Please also see the Supporters page. Makoto Maki Memorial Kyoto iUP Scholarship Nippon Shokubai Kyoto iUP Scholarship Kyoto iUP, Kyoto University - JUGAS Supplementary Scholarship <For students from Singapore> Asian Foundation for International Scholarship Interchange Kyoto iUP Scholarship Sysmex Scholarship for Kyoto iUP Graduates Angel Group Scholarship for Kyoto iUP Graduates Other types of scholarships MEXT Scholarship (University Recommendation) Kyoto iUP will recommend several successful applicants to the MEXT. Note: Those who wish to receive this scholarship need to get accepted to Kyoto iUP first. Fast Retailing Foundation FRF Scholarship for Studying in Japan <For students from Indonesia & Vietnam> Kyoto iUP is one of the designated universities of the Fast Retailing Foundation FRF Scholarship for Studying in Japan. For more information, please visit the Fast Retailing Foundation website. Note: Those who wish to receive this scholarship must apply directly to the Fast Retailing Foundation and be selected as their scholarship recipient before applying to Kyoto iUP. Cost of living in Kyoto Living expenses will vary depending on each student's individual lifestyle. Please see the following link for your reference. Life and living expenses in Kyoto Contact UsLinksSitemapCooperation and SupportPrivacy Policy Copyright © Kyoto University International Undergraduate Program. All Rights Reserved.