Skip to main content Site search Researcher Search close CLOSE search グローバルナビゲーション（英語） About Research & Collaborate Study at KyotoU Global KyotoU ヘッダー プライマリーリンク（英語） Current Students & Staff Alumni ヘッダー セカンダリーリンク（日本語以外） Events Directions Contact Make a gift Language Breadcrumb Home Current Students & Staff How to (tuition, financial aid, and housing) Financial aid Scholarships for international students Scholarships for international students サイドメニュー（英語） How to (tuition, financial aid, and housing) Tuition Financial aid Scholarships for international students Procedures for MEXT (Monbukagakusho) Scholarship students Other scholarship opportunities Housing In other languages 日本語 The following information is intended for Kyoto University international students with an interest in scholarship opportunities. To learn about programs accepting applications before matriculation, visit this page. All scholarship programs require applicants to have "student" residence status; recipients lacking this must return the scholarship received for the month during which the change occurred. Please also note that some programs accept applications from those who have been accepted into a university but have not yet matriculated. Information on such programs is available by contacting the administrative offices of specific undergraduate faculties or graduate schools. Overview Some scholarship programs require applications from students themselves and others from the students' universities. Terms and conditions vary by program, so those interested are advised to carefully check relevant guidelines before submitting an application. Please also note that the selection processes are highly competitive due to the limited availability of opportunities as well as growing demand. Regarding the calls for applications, those requiring submission through the University are forwarded to all relevant faculties and graduate schools by the International Student Division of the Academic Affairs Department. Eligibility varies by faculty/graduate school, so prospective applicants are advised to follow the instructions from their faculty/graduate school office. Information on these scholarships is usually posted on the Kyoto University Liberal Arts Syllabus Information System (KULASIS), a university-wide bulletin board for students, among other channels. For scholarships accepting direct applications to the funding organizations, any announcements received by the University are posted on KULASIS by the International Student Division. Scholarships for International Students (as of December 2024) Scholarship programs accepting applications after matriculation Monbukagakusho Honors Scholarship (Gakushushoreihi) for Privately-Financed International Students Administered by the Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO), this program accepts applications from privately-financed international students who have been admitted to a Japanese university. The amount provided is 48,000 yen per month for both undergraduate and graduate students (as of April 2025). Applications must be made through Kyoto University. Details are available from specific undergraduate faculty or graduate school offices. Additional information can be found via the following: Support Programs for International Students | JASSO Programs administered by private foundations The application process for private scholarships varies by program. Some accept applications from students themselves, while others require submission through the students' home universities. Each program typically offers a monthly allowance of between 30,000 and 180,000 yen. Some programs are limited to specific fields of study, while others require Japanese language proficiency. Many programs do not allow recipients to receive additional scholarships (including the Japanese government [Monbukagakusho: MEXT] Scholarship). University-nominated scholarships Kyoto University annually selects and nominates candidates for approximately 90 private scholarship programs, each of which accepts one or two students for funding. Applications require recommendations from faculties/graduate schools. Applicants must therefore follow the instructions from their faculty/graduate school, posted on KULASIS or other channels, and submit the necessary documents by the specified faculty/graduate school deadline. This type of scholarship does not, in principle, allow candidates to apply for other programs at the same time. Please also note that privately-funded students are given priority over recipients of the Japanese Government (Monbukagakusho: MEXT) Scholarship. Application Process for Private Scholarships Scholarships requiring direct applications Any announcements received by the University about scholarships requiring direct applications are posted on KULASIS by the International Student Division. Applicants must submit the required documents directly to the point of contact designated by the scholarship organization. Regarding the handling of personal information Personal information provided at the time of application and personal information related to the application will be used for the scholarship screening process. The information may also be used for the general management of financial support data within the University, and for the management and screening of other projects within the University to facilitate its provision of appropriate support. Related links Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO) The Japan Foundation The Japan Foundation Center (in Japanese) Japan Educational Exchanges and Services (in Japanese) Social media directory 〒606-8501 Yoshida-honmachi, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto-shi, Kyoto JAPAN Tel: 075-753-7531 フッター プライマリーリンク Publications Careers Directions フッター セカンダリーリンク Site map Privacy policy Site Policy フッター スペシャルリンク Safety Confirmation System Staff portal (in Japanese) Copyright © Kyoto University. All Rights Reserved. Scroll to top