Skip to content Calendar Maps Jobs Contact Us Student Support NU Portal Donate News & Events Admissions Academics Research Campus Life About News & Events Admissions Academics Research Campus Life About Scholarships Japanese Government (Monbukagakusho) Scholarships Scholarship Provision In order to receive their stipend, Japanese Government Scholarship students must sign a form to confirm enrollment at the office of their school at the beginning of each month. After this, students will receive the stipends stated below in the end of each month, or in the middle of the following month. The Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO) will deposit stipends into students’ postal savings accounts. Scholarship Provision (2019) Types of students Monthly stipend (3) Additional stipend for designated area (1) Undergraduate Students (2) 117,000 3,000 Japanese Language / Japanese Study Students Research Students, Teacher Training Students Research students, Non-degree students 143,000 Master’s course 144,000 Doctoral course 145,000 Young Leaders’ Program Students 242,000 Students who study/research in a designated region will be provided an additional stipend monthly of 2,000 yen or 3,000 yen. Nagoya city = 3,000 yen. Including students in the Japan-Korea Joint Program in Science and Engineering. Students, who leave Japan for a full calendar month, will not be eligible for a stipend that month. The same principle applies to those students who take lengthy absences from their school and studies. Extension of Tenure of Scholarship Providing that they meet the relevant requirements, undergraduate and research students who wish to proceed to a higher degree are eligible to apply for an extension of their scholarship. Qualified students who wish to proceed to a higher degree in the following year should apply through the office of their school in September-October period of the final year of the degree they are presently undertaking. Research students should talk to their academic advisors concerning their academic plan, entrance examination schedule and enrolment in a higher degree in order to confirm application schedules for the extension of their scholarship. Extensions are decided by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (Monbukagakusho) and students are advised that, due to great demand, not all applications for extension of tenure are successful. Japanese Government Scholarship students, recommended as Undergraduate Students by the Japanese Embassy, who are enrolled in Masters’ programs, can apply for an extension of the period of scholarship under the condition they have excellent academic results and fulfill the relevant requirements. Undergraduate and master’s course students, who want to enroll in a higher degree, should submit their grade point average (GPA) which should be calculated according to the Monbukagakusho methodology. Students must meet the minimum GPA requirement set by Monbukagakusho in order to apply. Students should confirm the application process, eligibility, details regarding GPA and any other information with the office of their school. Scholarship for Independently-financed Students There were, as of November 2010, 1,665 international students at Nagoya University, 75% of them independently financed. Financial support that is available to these students is outlined below. Information about scholarships is posted on the bulletin board of each school. Students are advised to check the boards daily. Applying for a Japanese Government (Monbukagakusho) Scholarship Students enrolled in or intending to enroll in a graduate degree program and those entering the fourth year (sixth year for students of medicine) of their undergraduate degree are eligible to apply for Japanese Government (Monbukagakusho) Scholarships. The number of this scholarship is however limited. The application period is in September and scholarships are available from the following April onwards. Undergraduate course students who want to enroll in a higher degree should submit their grade point average (GPA), which should be calculated according to Monbukagakusho methodology. Students must meet the minimum GPA requirement set by Monbukagakusho in order to apply. They should confirm the application process, eligibility, details regarding GPA, and any other information with the office of their school. Honors Scholarships (Gakushu Shoreihi) The Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO) provides scholarships to students who register in universities as independently-financed students and demonstrate outstanding academic and personal achievements and to those students who are in need of financial assistance. The application period is at the end of April. Students should submit their grade point average (GPA) of the previous fiscal year, which should be calculated according to JASSO methodology, and they must satisfy the minimum GPA set by JASSO. Students should confirm the application process, eligibility, details regarding (GPA) and any other information with the office of their school. Honors Scholarships (Gakushu Shoreihi) Eligibility Degree-seeking students (undergraduate/graduate) and research students Stipend Undergraduate students – 48,000 yen per month graduate/research students – 48,000 yen per month (as of 2019) Period of Provision 1 year Scholarships from Local Public and Private Organizations Independently-financed students are eligible to apply for scholarships from local public or private organizations. Application procedures are generally conducted through Nagoya University. As the number of scholarship is limited, applications are usually restricted to students enrolled in degree programs. Students should contact the office of their school for further information. Please refer to the website of the Japan Student Service Organization (JASSO) for further information regarding scholarships. Japan Student Service Organization (JASSO) We use cookies By clicking "Accept Cookies," you agree to the use of cookies to improve your user experience, optimize the site, produce statistics, and interact with social networks. Our Site Policy Don't Accept Cookies Accept Cookies Home Admissions Financial information Scholarships Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, 464-8601, Japan TEL +81-(0)52-789-5111 News & Events News Events Collection Researchers Jobs Admissions Undergraduate programs Graduate programs Research students Exchange programs Financial information Coming to Japan FAQ Academics Calendar Schools Graduate schools Education and curriculum information Online education Research Research activities Corporate relations Research support Distinguished faculty Educational and research organizations Research institutes Joint-use educational and research facilities Internal consortia Campus life Life on campus Extracurricular activities Life in Nagoya Student support Researcher support Awards Open facilities Maps About Alumni Leadership Principles Nagoya University in figures Commitments International affairs Communications History Regulations THERS Privacy policy Site policy Web accessibility Sitemap THERS Copyright ©2010-2025 Nagoya University All Rights Reserved.