Skip to content Gwanak Campus Yeongeon Campus Pyeongchang Campus Siheung Campus Colleges Office of Global Affairs SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY Navigation ACADEMICS RESEARCH ADMISSIONS SNU NOW CAMPUS LIFE ABOUT SNU Admissions Home Overview Undergraduate Application Scholarships Graduate Exchange Programs Int'l Summer Program Korean Language Course Undergraduate / Scholarships admission tab menu Before Application After Admission The following are the scholarship programs offered for undergraduate applicants. Students may apply for the programs before or during the admission application period. Applicants may find program details via this website or from the supporting organizations. Info for International Applicants Global Korea Scholarship (GKS) Please make sure to check the guidelines of NIIED and the STUDY in KOREA website, as the information below may be subject to change. Eligibility International applicants who wish to apply for undergraduate programs of SNU. Subsidies Full tuition fee: tuition exemption for 8 semesters Monthly Allowance: 1,200,000 KRW per month * The monthly allowance includes expenses for living and studying in Korea, such as living expenses, textbooks, insurance premiums, TOPIK scholarships, etc. Airfare: one economy round trip Korean language training fee: one year * Korean language training is mandatory and if the student does not achieve TOPIK grade 3 within a year, he is not eligible to enter the degree program. Application Period September Selection Procedure Applicants submit applications for this program to Korean embassies in their countries → The embassies make the first selection → The National Institute for International Education makes the final selection Contact SNU staff in charge: 82-2-880-6971, snuadmit2@snu.ac.kr Reference STUDY in KOREA website Overseas Koreans Scholarship Eligibility Overseas Korean students who wish to take undergraduate degrees at SNU Subsidies Full tuition exemption for a maximum of 8 semesters (Only when conditions are met) Living expenses: 900,000 KRW per month for 8 semesters (maximum) Airfare for one economy round trip Korean language training fee: fee exemption at the Language Education Institute for 6 months Medical insurance subscription (private company) Application Period February or March (Once per year, Recruitment period is about one month) Selection Procedure Applicants submit applications (apply online and print) and other documents to Korean embassies in their countries → The embassies make the first selection → The Overseas Koreans Foundation make the second selection Contact SNU staff in charge: 82-2-880-2519, intlscholarship@snu.ac.kr Overseas Koreans Foundation: 82-64-786-0274, scholarship@okf.or.kr * The latest announcement on this scholarship can be found only via the foundation’s website. Reference Korean net website 22th (2019) notice Link (Korean) ※ Scholarship packages are subject to change depending on the circumstances of the supporting organization. Last updated in 2018 Seoul National University Copyright 2026 Seoul National University All Rights Reserved. Gwanak Main Campus 1 Gwanak-ro, Gwanak-gu, Seoul 08826 Tel. 82-2-880-5114 Fax. 82-2-887-8658 Yeongeon Medical Campus 103 Daehak-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul 03080 Pyeongchang Campus 1447 Pyeongchang-daero, Daehwa-myeon, Pyeongchang-gun, Gangwon-do 25354 Siheung Campus Seouldaehak-ro 173, Siheung-si, Gyeonggi-do 15011 MAPS & DIRECTIONS CONTACT US A-Z SITE INDEX SITEMAP OFFICE OF GLOBAL AFFAIRS PRIVACY POLICY