Jump to main content Norwegian This webpage uses cookies Some cookies are necessary to maintain operations on the website and are therefore not optional. Other cookies are necessary to gather statistics so that we can improve and develop the website further. These cookies are optional. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Accept Deny Read more about cookies UiO International Summer School (ISS) Menu Scholarships Terms and Conditions Donors Admission & Application Process Scholarship Criteria International Summer School at the University of Oslo offers several scholarships for Master's courses. Students are selected based on academic and professional achievements, geographical distribution, financial need, gender balance, age diversity, etc. The application deadline for ISS scholarships was February 1, 2026. To be awarded an ISS scholarship, applicants must: Apply for a Master's course in the application portal "Søknadsweb" and select the “stipend” option, which represents the ISS scholarship. Meet the academic requirements for Master's courses. Have a strong academic record. Meet the required English proficiency. Fill out the scholarship form Submit a statement of purpose and letter of recommendation. This must show the relevance of their academic/professional background. Submit a CV. Due to the limited number of scholarships available, not all eligible applicants will receive an award. Selections are made based on a wide variety of factors and take each applicant’s unique circumstances into consideration. Ineligible applicants Bachelor's course applicants Norwegian language course applicants Former recipients of an ISS scholarship Citizens of EU/EEA/Switzerland* Permanent residents in Norway American (U.S.) and Canadian citizens are not eligible for the general ISS scholarships.** Please see Scholarship opportunities for American (U.S.)/Canadian students. Additional scholarships may be offered exclusively to students from certain academic programs or partner institutions. Eligible students will receive information directly from their home universities. *Applicants who are citizens of EU/EEA/Switzerland but reside outside of EU/EEA/Switzerland may be eligible under exceptional circumstances. If you are unsure whether you fall under these specifications, please e-mail iss@admin.uio.no. **Non-American (U.S.)/Canadian citizens who are currently residing or studying in the U.S. or Canada may still be eligible for ISS general scholarships. Applicants will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Important information for other applicants I am a student at a partner university I am a citizen of USA or Canada I am a program student at the University of Oslo Other applicants Scholarship Coverage Options Basic Fee Scholarship: Covers: Tuition fees, participation fee. Does NOT cover: Accommodation or travel to/from Oslo. In Søknadsweb, choose: "I will arrange my own private accommodation" ISS Accommodation Scholarship: Covers: Tuition fees, participation fee, shared room accommodation, meals, Oslo travel card*. Does NOT cover: Travel to/from Oslo In Søknadsweb, choose: "I choose to use ISS accommodation" *Oslo Travel Card: If allocated, the ISS Office will provide an Oslo travel card for the duration of the program (30 days) upon arrival. ISS does not reimburse or replace lost Oslo travel cards. Travel costs Applicants from specific regions may apply to have their travel costs covered as part of their scholarship. If granted, the ISS will cover plane tickets to/from Oslo. Regions include Africa, Asia, Latin America, and European countries outside the EU/EEA/Switzerland. The ISS will book the plane tickets to/from the closest international airport to Oslo. The ISS will choose the airline and flights. Any additional travel expenses such as travel to/from the airport and visa fees will not be covered. Travel Dates: Tentative dates of arrival/ departure are: Arrival in Oslo: Saturday, June 27, 2026 Departure from Oslo: Saturday, July 25, 2026 The ISS Office decides the arrival/departure dates based on the lowest fare. These dates cannot be negotiated. Published Dec. 1, 2020 3:35 PM - Last modified June 2, 2026 12:28 PM International Summer School (ISS) CONTACT INFORMATION Contact us Find us ABOUT THE WEBSITE Cookies Accessibility statement (in Norwegian only) RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS PAGE Managing editor Log in