Skip to main content Home Norsk Search Menu Student pages Employee search International admission Studies NORSTIP - scholarship scheme A scholarship scheme for degree-seeking master’s students from selected partner institutions outside the EU/EEA. Page content Published 26. Jun. 2024. Updated on 17. Oct. 2025 As stipulated in the national state budget, NORSTIP funding will not be announced in 2026. The University of Stavanger does not offer alternative scholarship opportunities. What is NORSTIP? The Norwegian scholarship scheme for students from selected partner countries aims to foster economic development and welfare in partner countries. By facilitating student mobility to Norwegian universities and colleges, NORSTIP seeks to educate future leaders who will make a positive impact in their home countries. NORSTIP scholarship students will be exempted from paying tuition fees. They will receive a moderate scholarship equivalent to the scholarship rates Norwegian students can get every month from the Norwegian State Educational Loan Fund. Who is eligible for the NORSTIP scholarship? It is important to note that the University of Stavanger only offers NORSTIP scholarship to students coming from selected partner institutions. To be eligible for the NORSTIP scholarship, you must meet the following criteria: You are an employee or student at one of University of Stavanger’s selected partner institutions. These are partner institutions that have ongoing collaboration with the University of Stavanger through the funding schemes NORHED, NORPART and Erasmus+ Global Mobility: Colombia: Universidad de los Andes National University of Colombia Cuba University of Havana Egypt Arab Academy for Science, Technology and Maritime Transport Ethiopia: Wollega University Jimma University Indonesia: Bandung Institute of Technology Universitas Padjadjaran Malawi: University of Malawi Palestine: An-Najah National University Palestine Ahliya University Somalia: Gollis University University of Hargeisa Sri Lanka: University of Ruhuna University of Moratuwa Vietnam: Tra Vinh University University of Economics and Law Ho Chi Minh City You wish to apply for admission to one of the following 2-years master’s programmes at the University of Stavanger and meet the admission requirements: Biological Chemistry Business Administration – Economics Business Administration – Finance Business Administration - Management City and Regional Planning - Planning and Development Energy, Reservoir and Earth Sciences English and Literacy Studies Environmental Engineering Industrial Asset Management Marine and Offshore Technology Mathematics and Physics Petroleum Engineering Risk Analysis - Engineering and Technology Risk Analysis - Risk Governance Service Leadership in International Business Structural and Mechanical Engineering Sustainability Studies You are between 20 to 30 years old. You do not hold a master’s degree prior to this scholarship. You are a citizen and resident of the country of the selected partner institution (documentation will be required). NORSTIP scholarships for 2025 admission For the 2025 admission, the University of Stavanger offered 22 NORSTIP scholarships. Admission to the programmes and access to the scholarships was highly competitive. Students needed to have an excellent academic record and documented proficiency in English to be considered for the NORSTIP scholarship. The scholarship is reimbursed only after arrival at the University of Stavanger, and applicants must budget to cover the initial expenses (e.g. flight tickets, insurance, visa costs etc) themselves. Contact us Find contact information About the website Privacy and use of cookies Accessibility statement (in Norwegian) Organization number 971564679 Follow us on social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Snapchat TikTok YouTube Shortcuts Museum and centres Student pages Intranett for ansatte MADE BY RAMSALT LAB AND SOPRA STERIA Use of personal data and cookies Control your data This is what we use cookies and process personal data for on the website: Necessary External content embedded on the website Customize DeclineAccept