main content Main Menu Footer PRPG CCPG CONTACT US increase font decrease font CONTRAST Search Site Search Link to Facebook Link to Linkedin Link to Instagram Link to Youtube PROGRAMS TEACHING INTERNSHIP INTERNATIONALIZATION CALL FOR PROPOSALS REGULATION AND DRAFTS COOPERATION INDICATORS AFFIRMATIVE ACTION NEWS HomeInternationalization GRE FAPESP Unicamp Since September 2020, Unicamp has accepted the international exam Graduate Record Examination (GRE®) as one of the selection stages for admission to the doctorate directly for postgraduate programs with grades 5, 6 and 7 in the latest CAPES assessment. The initiative is the result of a partnership with FAPESP that seeks to attract the best doctoral students, Brazilian or foreign, to Unicamp. Successful students will receive a Direct Doctorate scholarship from FAPESP for up to 60 months. The GRE is an English proficiency exam, taken at more than 1.000 centers in 160 countries, which assesses a candidate's ability to succeed in a postgraduate course. The exam, managed by Educational Testing Service (ETS), is divided into three parts: quantitative reasoning, verbal reasoning and analytical writing. Graduate programs participating in the partnership will be able to accept the GRE as the only test for selecting candidates. The selection procedure will be based on the GRE scores, with the highest scores being eligible to apply for one of the 30 scholarships available from FAPESP. Graduate programs may also, in addition to the GRE score, request specific tests for each course, curriculum analysis, letters of recommendation, among others. The test can be held in some Brazilian capitals from Monday to Friday, but they need to be scheduled through the website https://www.ets.org/gre. The cost of the exam is $205 USD and can be taken once every 21 days and a maximum of 5 times a year. For more information, see the documents below: Incentive program for using the GRE to enroll in Unicamp's postgraduate programs Unicamp and FAPESP joint initiative Guidelines for participating programs at GRE FAPESP Unicamp Graduate Affairs Office Rua da Rectoria nº 121 - Ground Floor - Cidade Universitária Zeferino Vaz Barão Geraldo - Campinas, SP - CEP 13083-872 secprpg@unicamp.br Link to Facebook Link to Linkedin Link to Instagram Link to Youtube © 1969 - 2026 - State University of Campinas Project & Development Close We use cookies to provide you with a better experience, improve performance, analyze how you interact on our website and personalize content. By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies. For more information, see the Unicamp Privacy Policy. I know