Open visual assistant software. Accessible with the keyboard via ALT + 1 ​ MOST SEARCHED PAGES Admissions Master's Degree Courses Multi-site campus Schools Departments Centers Support Unipd Press area Work with us phone mail search EN COURSESSTUDYRESEARCHCAMPUS LIFEBUSINESS & SOCIAL IMPACTUNIVERSITY Services Home Study Scholarships, subsidies and contributions Scholarships and subsidies Galilean School of Higher Studies, call for international students Galilean School of Higher Studies, call for international students The Galilean School of Higher Education is the school of excellence of the University of Padua. It combines traditional university education with a set of special in-house courses, which include seminars and lectures held by renowned international guest professors. International students can apply to the master's degree programme of the Galilean School. If admitted, they will attend both the courses provided by the first-cycle/Bachelor's degree programme of the University of Padua, and the internal courses of the Galilean School, and will receive free room and board, language courses and personalized tutoring for study and career. In addition, international students may be offered reimbursement of travel expenses and a scholarship. International students are required to respect the same rights and duties as all Galilean students. Who can apply: You can apply if: You hold (or plan to obtain within the deadlines set by the chosen course at the University of Padua) a Bachelor's degree, or you are enrolled in a Single-cycle master's degree programme; You have been admitted, or are eligible for, a Master's degree programme or to the 4th year of a single-cycle master's degree programme of the University of Padua You are not yet 25 years old at the time of application. Available Degree Programs: You can choose any second-cycle/Master's degree programme offered by the University of Padua. The chosen programme will determine for which Galilean School Academic Class you can apply to. When to apply: From 25 March to 31 May 2025. How to apply: Fill in the application form to enter the selection for a Class of the School and attach the required documentation; Have a reference letter sent by a lecturer to the following email address: scuola.galileiana@unipd.itWait for the outcome of the first selection phase (evaluation of the candidates' profile) and possibly attend the interview if admitted to the second phase. The call for admission and the documentation with all the details on the application process are available on the School's website. The scholarship package includes: Free room and board at the canteens and university residences of the University of Padova; Reimbursement of documented expenses (books, study trips, etc.); A scholarship of €2,500.00; A return flight ticket to/from your country of origin (up to a maximum of €1,500.00) for each academic year. Contacts: Galilean School of Higher Studies Tel.: +39 049 8278971 Email: scuola.galileiana@unipd.it Website: scuolagalileiana.unipd.it The translation of content on this website is carried out, in part, using AI tools. Only the official Italian version has legal validity. Università degli Studi di Padova P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 Choose your path and find out how to study at the University of Padova Apply Courses Study Research Campus Life Business & Social Impact University Press Area Libraries Work with us Calls for tenders and contracts Official University Notice Board Transparent administration Contacts Via 8 Febbraio, 2 - 35122 Padova Switchboard: +390498275111 Call Centre: +390498273131 E-mail: urp@unipd.it Certified mail: University PEC Contacts for assistance Unipd social Unipd app Follow us on social media © 2026 University of Padova - All rights reserved P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 About the Site Accessibility Legal Privacy Cookie Policy Acts of notification Legal Advertising