Visuelle Assistenzsoftware und Vorlesefunktion Eye-Able öffnen. Mit der Tastatur erreichbar über ALT + 1 ​ MOST SEARCHED PAGES Admissions Master's Degree Courses Multi-site campus Schools Departments Centers Support Unipd Press area Work with us phone mail search EN COURSESSTUDYRESEARCHCAMPUS LIFEBUSINESS & SOCIAL IMPACTUNIVERSITY Services Home Study Scholarships, subsidies and contributions Scholarships and subsidies Invest your Talent in Italy Invest your Talent in Italy Invest Your Talent in Italy supports international students who wish to enroll in a second-cycle/Master's degree coursein English in the fields of Engineering/High Technologies, Design/Architecture, Economics/Management at one of the prestigious Italian universities participating in the syllabus. The syllabus offers scholarships that include living expenses, tuition fee waivers and support services dedicated to students, as well as a short traineeship at major Italian companies. It is promoted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, by ICE - Agency for the promotion abroad and internationalization of Italian companies and by Uni-Italia; it is also supported by Unioncamere-Confindustria. At the University of Padova you can choose one of the following courses: Engineering and High Technologies Aerospace Engineering Astrophysics and Cosmology Biotechnologies for Food Science Chemical and Process Engineering Cybersecurity Complex and data driven chemistry Computer Engineering Computer science Computational Finance Control Systems Engineering Data Science Earth Dynamics Electrical Engineering Electronic Engineering Energy Engineering Environmental Engineering Environmental Sustainability and Education Evolutionary biology Food Industry Engineering Geophysics for Natural Risks and Resources ICT for Internet and Multimedia Materials Engineering Materials Science Marine Biology Management Engineering Mathematics Mechanical Innovation for Product Engineering Mechatronics Engineering Mathematical Engineering Medical Biotechnologies Molecular Biology Pharmaceutical Biotechnologies Physics Physics of Data Planetary Geosciences Quantitative and Computational Biosciences Sustainable Chemistry and Technologies for Circular Economy Sustainable Agriculture Water and Geological Risk Engineering Economics and Management Accounting, Finance and Business Consulting Applied Economics Food and Health Forest Science - Curriculum "Forest and Nature for the Future" Human rights and multi-level governance Italian Food and Wine Local Development Management for Sustainable Firms Sustainable Agriculture To participate, you must have a bachelor's degree and be a citizen of one of the following countries: Armenia Azerbaijan Bangladesh Brazil Colombia Egypt Ethiopia Ghana India Indonesia Iran Kazakhstan Mexico People's Republic of China Republic of Korea Tunisia Turkey Viet Nam The scholarship consists of an amount of 1,000 euros (net) per month for the duration of 9 months and is renewable for the second year of the Second-cycle/Master's degree, subject to the achievement of at least 30 university credits) (ECTS credits) by 20 July. Students must also carry out a mandatory 3-month traineeship in an Italian company. The application form must be submitted online following the instructions on the official website of the syllabus. It is also necessary to enrol in the chosen course of study at the University of Padova following the normal application procedures and deadlines. For detailed information: https://www.unipd.it/studiare-inglese-come-fare-domanda. Deadlines: please refer to the official website. Official website of the syllabus Video The translation of content on this website is carried out, in part, using AI tools. Only the official Italian version has legal validity. Università degli Studi di Padova P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 Choose your path and find out how to study at the University of Padova Apply Courses Study Research Campus Life Business & Social Impact University Press Area Libraries Work with us Calls for tenders and contracts Official University Notice Board Transparent administration Contacts Via 8 Febbraio, 2 - 35122 Padova Switchboard: +390498275111 Call Centre: +390498273131 E-mail: urp@unipd.it Certified mail: University PEC Contacts for assistance Unipd social Unipd app Follow us on social media © 2026 University of Padova - All rights reserved P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 About the Site Accessibility Legal Privacy Cookie Policy Acts of notification Legal Advertising