Visuelle Assistenzsoftware und Vorlesefunktion Eye-Able öffnen. Mit der Tastatur erreichbar über ALT + 1 ​ MOST SEARCHED PAGES Admissions Master's Degree Courses Multi-site campus Schools Departments Centers Support Unipd Press area Work with us phone mail search EN COURSESSTUDYRESEARCHCAMPUS LIFEBUSINESS & SOCIAL IMPACTUNIVERSITY Services Home Full fee waivers for international students Full fee waivers for international students The University of Padua offers 100 full fee waivers of university tuition fees to outstanding international students enrolling in an English-taught Degree Programme. Beneficiaries are required to pay only the regional tax and stamp duty and will be exempt from paying the second and third instalments of the tuition fees due. Duration of the waiver The waiver is offered for one academic year and may be renewed for the 2nd year, provided that at least 25 credits are obtained by 10 August of the academic year following enrolment for the 3rd year (for Bachelor's and single-cycle degree students only), provided that at least 80 credits are obtained by 10 August of the second academic year. At the end of the duration indicated above, beneficiaries will be required to pay the student contribution due until graduation. In order to take part in the selection, applicants must: not hold Italian citizenship (unless it is dual citizenship); hold a foreign secondary school diploma (for students applying for Bachelor's and/or single-cycle degree programmes) or a foreign degree diploma (for applicants to Master's degree programmes); not already be resident in Italy apply for an English-taught degree programme at the University of Padua within the deadlines. Applying for the Degree Programme of interest automatically entails the opportunity to compete for the scholarship award for those who meet the requirements listed above. Therefore, there is no need to submit a specific application form or any additional documentation beyond the documents required to apply for the chosen Degree Programme. The best applicants for each Degree Programme (100 in total) will become beneficiaries of the waiver on the basis of their previous academic record (CV, personal statement, language skills, etc.) The results of the allocation of the waivers follow the same procedures and timeline as the Padua International Excellence scholarships and the Scholarships for international students provided by Departments. To accept the scholarship, it is necessary to accept the admission offer received from the Admissions and Welcome Unit of the Global Engagement Office, pay the first instalment by the indicated deadline, and comply with the conditions required to finalise enrolment at the University of Padua. For information: Global Engagement Office - Admissions and Welcome Unit - Contact us Final results - Academic year 2026/27 (630.55KB) Risultati finali corsi di laurea ad accesso programmato A.A. 2026/27 (574.32KB) The translation of content on this website is carried out, in part, using AI tools. Only the official Italian version has legal validity. Università degli Studi di Padova P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 Choose your path and find out how to study at the University of Padova Apply Courses Study Research Campus Life Business & Social Impact University Press Area Libraries Work with us Calls for tenders and contracts Official University Notice Board Transparent administration Contacts Via 8 Febbraio, 2 - 35122 Padova Switchboard: +390498275111 Call Centre: +390498273131 E-mail: urp@unipd.it Certified mail: University PEC Contacts for assistance Unipd social Unipd app Follow us on social media © 2026 University of Padova - All rights reserved P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 About the Site Accessibility Legal Privacy Cookie Policy Acts of notification Legal Advertising