Visuelle Assistenzsoftware und Vorlesefunktion Eye-Able öffnen. Mit der Tastatur erreichbar über ALT + 1 ​ MOST SEARCHED PAGES Admissions Master's Degree Courses Multi-site campus Schools Departments Centers Support Unipd Press area Work with us phone mail search EN COURSESSTUDYRESEARCHCAMPUS LIFEBUSINESS & SOCIAL IMPACTUNIVERSITY Services Home Study Scholarships, subsidies and contributions Scholarships and subsidies Scholarships of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation MAECI Scholarships of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation MAECI The Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation provides scholarships for international and Italian students who reside permanently abroad (IRE). The purpose of these scholarships is to encourage international cultural cooperation, spread knowledge of the Italian language, culture, and science, and promote the growth of the Italian economic and technological system worldwide. They are offered to carry out study, training and/or research programs at Italian state or legally recognized institutions. You can apply for one of the following types of courses offered by the University of Padova: Second-cycle/Master's degree course PhD Research project Age Requirements: For master's degree courses: no more than 28 years old; For PhD courses: no more than 30 years; For research projects: no more than 40 years. Language Requirements: Courses taught in Italian: level B2 of the (CEFR). Courses taught in English: no Italian language requirement; English language level B2 (CEFR) Beneficiary countries: please consult the list of scholarship beneficiary countries in the annexes to the call. The application must be completed online through the Ministry's website: https://studyinitaly.esteri.it/. It is also necessary to enrol in the chosen course of study at the University of Padova following the normal application procedures and deadlines. For detailed information: https://www.unipd.it/studiare-inglese-come-fare-domanda The scholarship consists of a monthly amount of 900 euros. The duration of the scholarship can range from 6 to 9 months. The call also indicates the maintenance requirements for the following years and the incompatibilities. Expiration: Information on the application windows can be found on the official website of the syllabus List of Eligible Countries Official website of the syllabus: https://studyinitaly.esteri.it/ The translation of content on this website is carried out, in part, using AI tools. Only the official Italian version has legal validity. Università degli Studi di Padova P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 Choose your path and find out how to study at the University of Padova Apply Courses Study Research Campus Life Business & Social Impact University Press Area Libraries Work with us Calls for tenders and contracts Official University Notice Board Transparent administration Contacts Via 8 Febbraio, 2 - 35122 Padova Switchboard: +390498275111 Call Centre: +390498273131 E-mail: urp@unipd.it Certified mail: University PEC Contacts for assistance Unipd social Unipd app Follow us on social media © 2026 University of Padova - All rights reserved P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 About the Site Accessibility Legal Privacy Cookie Policy Acts of notification Legal Advertising