Open visual assistant software. Accessible with the keyboard via ALT + 1 ​ MOST SEARCHED PAGES Admissions Master's Degree Courses Multi-site campus Schools Departments Centers Support Unipd Press area Work with us phone mail search EN COURSESSTUDYRESEARCHCAMPUS LIFEBUSINESS & SOCIAL IMPACTUNIVERSITY Services Home Study Scholarships, subsidies and contributions Scholarships and subsidies Scholarships provided by the Departments Scholarships provided by the Departments The following Departments offer scholarships for international students dedicated to brilliant international students who wish to attend one of the courses of study listed below. The selection is very competitive and only the candidates with the highest scores and the best course track can manage to pass it. Department of Philosophy, Sociology, Education and Applied Psychology (FISPPA) 1 scholarship for the First-cycle/Bachelor's degree in Clinical, social and intercultural psychology 1 scholarship for the First-cycle/Bachelor's degree in Social Sciences and Digital Data Department of Civil, Environmental and Architectural Engineering 2 scholarships for the First-cycle/Bachelor's degree course in Environmental engineering 2 scholarships for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Mathematical Engineering 1 scholarship for the First-cycle/Bachelor's degree course in Water and Geological Risk Engineering Department of Industrial Engineering (DII) 1 scholarship for the First-cycle/Bachelor's degree course in Energy Engineering 1 scholarship for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Chemical and Process Engineering 1 scholarship for the First-cycle/Bachelor's degree course in Materials Engineering 1 scholarship for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Aerospace Engineering 1 scholarship for the First-cycle/Bachelor's degree course in Electrical Engineering Department of Mathematics (DM) 2 scholarships for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Computational Finance 2 scholarships for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Computer Science 2 scholarships for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Cybersecurity 2 scholarships for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Data Science 2 scholarships for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Mathematics Department of Medicine (DIMED) 2 scholarships for the single-cycle Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Medicine and Surgery Department of Developmental Psychology and Socialisation (DPSS) 1 scholarship for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Applied child and adolescent psychology Department of Political Science, Law and International Studies (SPGI) (SPGI) 1 scholarship for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Human Rights and Multi-level Governance 1 scholarship for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in European and Global Studies Department of Linguistic and Literary Studies (DISLL) 1 scholarship for the course track in Communication Strategies of the First-cycle/Bachelor's degree in Communication Strategies; Department of Land, Environment, Agriculture and Forestry (TeSAF) 1 scholarship for the Second-cycle/Master's degree course in Forest Sciences Amount of scholarships: €8,000.00 (pre-tax) + exemption from student fees for each academic year. Beneficiary students are only required to pay the regional tax and the revenue stamp for each academic year. Duration: scholarships have a maximum duration of: 2 years for master's degree courses; 3 years for bachelor's and/or single-cycle degree programmes At the end of the duration indicated above, beneficiary students will be required to pay the student fees due until graduation. In order to participate in the selection process, it is necessary to: not possess Italian citizenship (unless it is a dual citizenship); have a foreign secondary school diploma (for students applying for degree courses) or a foreign degree (for candidates for master's degree courses); not already be resident in Italy; apply to one or more courses of study in English at the University of Padua mentioned above within the deadlines. Applying for the degree course of your interest automatically involves the possibility of competing for the award of the scholarship for candidates who meet the requirements listed above. It is therefore not necessary to submit a specific application for participation or any additional documentation with respect to the documents required to apply for the chosen degree course. The Teaching Committee of each degree course selects admitted applicants who will be awarded a scholarship, based on academic excellence in their field of study, quality and results from their previous academic career. The scholarships are mainly reserved for candidates of the first selection; on an exceptional basis, the Teaching Committees may decide to award the scholarship to candidates of the second selection The results of the awarding of scholarships will be published on the University website according to the deadlines indicated in the Call for admission. Candidates selected for a Department scholarship will receive a specific communication indicating the procedures and deadline for accepting the financial benefit. To receive the scholarship it will also be necessary not to be awarded other scholarships and finalize the enrolment at the University of Padua. The merit requirements necessary for the maintenance of the scholarship are indicated in the selection notice. The payment of the scholarship will be made in 2 (two) installments of € 4,000.00 gross each per academic year upon achievement of the merit requirements indicated in the selection notice. Maggiori informazioni sulle Borse di studio erogate dai Dipartimenti sono disponibili nell'Avviso di selezione (319.72KB) Scholarship and Fee waiverAcademic Year 2026/27 Risultati finali corsi di laurea ad accesso illimitato A.A. 2026/27 (630.55KB) Risultati finali corsi di laurea ad accesso programmato A.A. 2026/27 (574.32KB) The translation of content on this website is carried out, in part, using AI tools. Only the official Italian version has legal validity. Università degli Studi di Padova P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 Choose your path and find out how to study at the University of Padova Apply Courses Study Research Campus Life Business & Social Impact University Press Area Libraries Work with us Calls for tenders and contracts Official University Notice Board Transparent administration Contacts Via 8 Febbraio, 2 - 35122 Padova Switchboard: +390498275111 Call Centre: +390498273131 E-mail: urp@unipd.it Certified mail: University PEC Contacts for assistance Unipd social Unipd app Follow us on social media © 2026 University of Padova - All rights reserved P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 About the Site Accessibility Legal Privacy Cookie Policy Acts of notification Legal Advertising