Open visual assistant software. Accessible with the keyboard via ALT + 1 ​ MOST SEARCHED PAGES Admissions Master's Degree Courses Multi-site campus Schools Departments Centers Support Unipd Press area Work with us phone mail search EN COURSESSTUDYRESEARCHCAMPUS LIFEBUSINESS & SOCIAL IMPACTUNIVERSITY Services Home Study Scholarships, subsidies and contributions Scholarships and subsidies Padua International Excellence Scholarship Programme Padua International Excellence Scholarship Programme The University of Padova offers up to 68 scholarships dedicated to brilliant international students who wish to attend an English-taught first-cycle/Bachelor's degree course or master's degree. The selection process is highly competitive and only the candidates with the highest scores and the best course track can succeed in passing it. Scholarship amount: €8,000.00 (gross) + exemption from student fees for each academic year. Beneficiaries are only required to pay the regional fee and the revenue stamp per academic year. Duration: The scholarships have a maximum duration of: 2 years for master's degree programmes; 3 years for bachelor's and/or single-cycle degree programmes At the end of the above-mentioned period, the beneficiaries will be required to pay the student tuition fees due until graduation. In order to enter the selection process, candidates: must not hold the Italian citizenship (unless it is a dual citizenship); must not hold a non-Italian secondary school diploma (for those applying to bachelor's degree courses and/or single-cycle degree courses) or a foreign degree diploma (for those applying to master's degree courses); must not be resident in Italy at the time of application; apply to an English-taught degree at the University of Padova within the deadline. The application for the degree course of your interest automatically makes you eligible to compete for the award of the scholarship provided you meet the requirements listed above. Therefore, there is no need to submit a separate application or any additional documentation other than the documents required to apply for the chosen degree programme. The Teaching Committee of each degree course selects the admitted candidates who will be awarded a scholarship, based on academic excellence in their field of study, the quality and results of their previous academic career. The scholarships are mainly reserved for candidates from the first call; on an exceptional basis, the Teaching Committees may decide to award the scholarship to candidates from the second call. The scholarship results will be published on the University website according to the deadlines specified in the Admission Notice. Candidates selected for a Padua International Excellence scholarship will receive a specific notice outlining the procedures and deadline for accepting the financial benefit. in order to receive the scholarship applicants must also not be recipients of other scholarships and must complete their enrolment at the University of Padua. The academic requirements to keep the scholarship are indicated in the selection notice. The scholarship will be allocated in 2 (two) installments of € 4,000.00 gross each per academic year upon fulfillment of the academic requirements specified in the selection notice. The scholarship may be revoked if recipients: do not earn at least 20 CFU (ECTS credits) by the 30th of November of the following academic year. decide to transfer to another university or apply to withdraw from their studies In the event of the scholarship being revoked, you will be required to return the installments you may have already received. For information: Global Engagement Office - Admissions and Welcome Unit - Contact us More information about Padua International Excellence scholarships is available in the Calls for Application. Call for applications for Scholarships for international students enrolling in English-taught Degree programmes at the University of Padua (A.Y. 2026/2027) Scholarships and Fee waivers - Academic Year 2026/27 Final results_Academic Year 2026/2027 The translation of content on this website is carried out, in part, using AI tools. Only the official Italian version has legal validity. Università degli Studi di Padova P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 Choose your path and find out how to study at the University of Padova Apply Courses Study Research Campus Life Business & Social Impact University Press Area Libraries Work with us Calls for tenders and contracts Official University Notice Board Transparent administration Contacts Via 8 Febbraio, 2 - 35122 Padova Switchboard: +390498275111 Call Centre: +390498273131 E-mail: urp@unipd.it Certified mail: University PEC Contacts for assistance Unipd social Unipd app Follow us on social media © 2026 University of Padova - All rights reserved P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 About the Site Accessibility Legal Privacy Cookie Policy Acts of notification Legal Advertising