We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customise Reject All Accept All Powered by ALUMNI E-CAMPUS E-SECRETARIA ENGLISH About UPF-BSM Programs Faculty and research Companies and Organizations News & Events Merit Based Scholarship UPF Barcelona School of Management, through the UPF's Institute of Continuing Education Foundation, annually awards scholarships to finance master's studies of students who can demonstrate their talent and motivation. The Merit Based Scholarship covers 25% of the total tuition fee. Likewise the percentage of the scholarship could be enlarged up to an additional 25% if the candidates can prove they are in a difficult economic situation. The fact of applying for the scholarship, as well as fulfilling all the requirements and/or proving a certain economic situation by providing the corresponding documentation, does not imply that the scholarship will be granted. Which requirements do I need to fulfil? You must have completed a university qualification. If you are currently pursuing a degree at the time of application, the scholarship will be awarded on the condition that you obtain the degree by the start date of the program at the latest and you maintain the grade point average at the level required by these rules. You must have obtained in your undergraduate studies a minimum GPA (Grade Point Average) of 3.0 out of 4.0 (for clarification purposes, students with degrees obtained abroad must provide a transcript of grades including the final average grade and the average passing grade or its equivalence generated through the following link from the Ministry: Equivalencia de notas medias de estudios universitarios realizados en centros extranjeros). You must have applied for the scholarship following the deadlines established for this purpose both in these rules and on the website of the program in which you want to enrol. To have been admitted to the master's degree program for which the scholarship is requested. Please note that your application must meet all documentation requirements and deadlines. Otherwise it will not be evaluated. How do I apply? Submit your application and the documentation detailed below via the "Scholarships and Funding" section of the eRegistrar platform: Letter of motivation. Tell us why you are requesting the Merit Based Scholarship and why you think you are a good candidate to be awarded. List of verifiable merits or outstanding and verifiable aspects that show what you consider makes you different or adds value to your candidacy. Download our template. Remember to provide the information that proves your merits. In the case of submitting a foreign academic record, you must submit a record of grades including the final average grade and the average passing grade or its equivalence generated through the following link from the Ministry: Equivalencia de notas medias de estudios universitarios realizados en centros extranjeros. Academic records that do not provide the final weighted average grade or the minimum passing grade will not be accepted. In the case that you are requesting additional scholarship for economic reasons, you will be required to provide official documentation proving your financial situation (see Section 4.2 of these bases). All documents except for the academic record must be in Catalan, Spanish, or English. The academic record can be submitted in Catalan, Spanish, English, French, Italian, or Portuguese. If it is in another language, it must be accompanied by a sworn official translation into Catalan or Spanish. If you wish to apply for an increased scholarship due to your economic situation you must expressly request this and provide additional documentation. In some cases, candidates will be called for interview, either in person or by telephone or Skype. If necessary, we will contact you in order to schedule an interview. Merit Based Scholarships are not compatible with UPF Alumni discounts, nor with UPF Barcelona School of Management Alumni discounts. When do I apply? Merit Based Scholarships are applied for and awarded according to specific dates. Please remember to apply for the scholarship before classes start. Merit Based Scholarships cannot be processed for a master's program that has already begun. Equally, applications submitted after the established deadline will not be accepted, even if classes have not yet begun. 1st call: Deadline for application and submission of documentation: June 18, 2026 Communication of decision: From 6 to 10 of July 2026 2nd call: Deadline for application and submission of documentation: September 3, 2026 Communication of decision: From 14 to 18 of September 2026 3rd call*: Deadline for application and submission of documentation: November 26, 2026 Communication of decision: From 14 to 18 of December 2026 4th call*: Deadline for application and submission of documentation: January 21, 2027 Communication of decision: From 1 to 7 of February 2027 (*) These rounds are only available for programs starting in the first quarter of 2027 (January to March). Find out more If you have any questions about how to apply for the Merit Based Scholarship, you can contact our scholarship secretariat by e-mail. You can also consult the bases (pdf). secretaria.beques@bsm.upf.edu STUDY AT THE UPF-BSM MBAs Masters Master of Science Online programs THE SCHOOL About UPF-BSM Accreditations and rankings Work with us Spaces for companies Internal Information System CURRENT AFFAIRS News Events Blogs CONTACT US Carrer de Balmes, 132 08008, Barcelona, Spain © 2026 Fundació Institut d’Educació Contínua Cookies policy Legal notice Privacy Policy Alumni E-Campus E-Secretaria English