Skip to content Contact 日本語 People Giving to UTokyo HOME Education About UTokyo Academics Why UTokyo? Research Alumni Prospective Students Current Students Prospective Students Home > Prospective Students > Undergraduate Students > Admissions > Japanese Government (Monbukagakusho: MEXT) Scholarship Japanese Government (Monbukagakusho: MEXT) Scholarship This is a program through which students are able to study at a Japanese university with a scholarship from the Japanese government, specifically the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (Monbukagakusho (MEXT)). Through this program, UTokyo only accepts students as “Research students” and “Undergraduate students”. For details, be sure to refer to the Application Guideline corresponding to the year for which you are applying. References: Information on the MEXT Scholarship (Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology of Japan) (Mostly in Japanese / Application Guidelines also available in English) 1. Category 1) Research student: Master’s, Doctorate and Professional Degree Programs (regular graduate student) or graduate international research student. 2) Undergraduate student: Regular undergraduate student(*) (*)Each undergraduate student will be enrolled at a preparatory school designated by MEXT for a one-year intensive course in the Japanese language and other subjects necessary for preparation for proceeding to university. The preparatory course lasts for one year. A grantee who has completed the preparatory education will go on to a university designated by MEXT upon passing its entrance examination. The university whose examination a grantee will take is decided by MEXT in consultation with the university and the preparatory school and in comprehensive consideration of the results of the academic examinations in the primary screening held in his/her home country, academic achievement at the preparatory school, the grantee’s proposed major subject, and the receiving capacity of the university. Therefore, please note that applicants who wish to enter UTokyo may not necessarily be able to take the entrance examinations for UTokyo. 2. Application Method Both of the 2 types below should be applied for before coming to Japan. 1) Embassy Recommendation Applications for this category are made directly through Japanese embassies or consular offices outside Japan.Scholarship recipients are recruited and initially screened by the Japanese embassy (or consulate general, depending on the country). Because the application process differs according to the country in which the Japanese embassy is located,please inquire at the Japanese embassy or consulate general in your country for details. Japanese Embassies and Consular Offices (MOFA) Applicants for the Research Student program who have passed the first screening conducted by a Japanese diplomatic mission (Embassy/Consulate) and wish to request a provisional acceptance from the University of Tokyo should check the “Contact Information and Special Notes for Applicants” listed below before reaching out. *Please contact the University of Tokyo ONLY IF you have passed the first screening. *Do NOT contact faculty members directly. You must submit your request to the contact points specified in the “Contact Information and Special Notes for Applicants” *Please note that some graduate schools may set their own deadlines for receiving requests, which could be earlier than the deadline designated by MEXT. Link to “Contact Information and Special Notes for Applicants” 2) University Recommendation For this category, UTokyo selects and recommends research students directly to MEXT as candidates for the Japanese government scholarship. The majority of applicants will be international students on inter-university student exchange agreements. Since the period of application varies depending on the Graduate School, please contact the relevant department in the Graduate School of your choice. List of Graduate Schools 3. Other Information STUDY IN JAPAN (Japan Student Services Organization, JASSO) Inquiries about the content of this page: International Education Promotion Group Send inquiry Social media directory Site map Site policy Privacy policy Jobs UTokyo Portal utelecon Frequently asked questions Access and campus maps Disseminating information for UTokyo during disasters This website is managed by the Public Relations Office. For inquiries regarding the content of individual pages, please use the contact information listed on each page. © The University of Tokyo