╙ Donation ╢  Access ╠ Databases ╡ Search ╟ Language LINE Account╢ 150th Anniversary╢ MyWaseda╢ Contact Site Map Quick Link ○ Scholarships and Financial Assistance Section Waseda University News Scholarship for Fostering Researchers in Doctoral Programs Emergency Assistance System For International Students Scholarship Registration For International Students For International Students  1. Scholarship categories 2. Application eligibility 3. Application method 4. Bank account registration 5. Certificate of Receipt of a Scholarship 6. Handling of Scholarships in the Event of Disciplinary Action 1. Scholarship categories The university has the following 3 categories of scholarship for international students with “Student” (留学/ Ryugaku) visa. (1) Internal scholarships: This is Waseda University’s own scholarship system. Apply to the faculty/graduate school in which you are enrolled. (2) External scholarships / university recommendations (involving internal selection): Apply to the faculty/graduate school in which you are enrolled. (3) External scholarships / open recruitment (free application): Apply directly to the scholarship foundation. * The details of scholarships may change. * All of the scholarships involve selection. * Many of the external scholarships require a high level of Japanese language ability. For (1) and (2), Students cannot apply on their own initiative. You will receive announcements from your department if you are eligible, but we cannot tell you exactly when, as the timing will vary depending on scholarships. Also, some departments require advance registration, so please follow the instructions provided by your department. For (3), please refer to the following page for information on open scholarships that are currently open to applicants. List of Open External Scholarships Available (Japanese version Only) *Applications for open-application scholarships generally require Japanese language proficiency. Therefore, the guide is written in Japanese only. Please refer to the following information and foundation website, and follow the instruction to apply. 2. Application eligibilityOnly privately-financed international students with “Student” visa status and enrolled in a regular degree-seeking course can apply for a scholarship. * Government sponsored international students and other students whose academic fees are borne by a foreign government or scholarship organization, etc., foreign exchange students and non-degree students are not eligible to apply. * Some internal scholarships and scholarships of private organizations are open for most types of visa. * Even if you have multiple nationality, you can't apply for scholarships for international students as long as you have Japanese nationality. * If you are a student of foreign nationality whose residence status is “Permanent resident,” “Long-term resident” or “Spouse or child of Japanese national (permanent resident),” please apply for the same scholarships as Japanese students. In that case, a scholarship registration using Challenge is required. 3. Application method The application process for international student scholarships varies by faculty/graduate school. Some faculties/graduate schools require students for scholarship registration using MyWaseda application forms, etc. beforehand, while others do not require students for scholarship registrations, but send individual announcements to eligible scholarships or post information on their websites. Therefore, we recommend that you check the information below. Scholarship Registration If you have any concern about above, contact your faculty/graduate school office directly for information on how to apply. 4. Bank account registration To receive scholarships, you need to register your bank account information on MyWASEDA. Please refer to the manual for details. 5. Certificate of Receipt of a Scholarship If you need to submit a Certificate of Receipt of Scholarship to the Immigration Bureau or city hall etc., apply from here. Please note that it takes several days to issue a certificate. For external scholarships, contact the foundation yourself. *You need to log in to MyWaseda before applying. *If you are an alumnus, you can apply here. [Note] For the Certificate of W-SPRING, we cannot issue it. Please make your inquiry from the below form. Inquiry Form about W-SPRING 6. Handling of Scholarships in the Event of Disciplinary Action As shown in the table below, recipients of Waseda University scholarships may be required to repay part or all of the scholarship funds received. For scholarships provided by the Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO) or private foundations, repayment requirements shall be determined in accordance with the rules established by each organization. The “academic year” used as the criterion for determining repayment requirements refers to the one-year period starting April 1 for students who entered the University in April, and September 21 for students who entered the University in September. If the misconduct constituting the grounds for disciplinary action extends across multiple academic years, the repayment of scholarship funds may also apply to multiple academic years. Disciplinary action Criteria for determining repayment of Waseda University internal scholarships Reprimand（訓告） A request for repayment equivalent to one month’s worth of the scholarship funds already paid, retroactive to the first day of the academic year in which the date of the misconduct occurred. Suspension 1-month（停学１か月） A request for repayment equivalent to two months’ worth of the scholarship funds already paid, retroactive to the first day of the academic year in which the date of the misconduct occurred. Suspension 3-month（停学3か月） A request for repayment of the full amount of the scholarship funds already paid, retroactive to the first day of the academic year in which the date of the misconduct occurred. Indefinite Suspension（無期停学） A request for repayment of the full amount of the scholarship funds already paid, retroactive to the first day of the academic year in which the date of the misconduct occurred. Scholarship eligibility will be terminated for recipients whose scholarship status continues for two years or longer. Disciplinary Withdrawal（懲戒退学） Same as Indefinite Suspension. ※ “Disciplinary action” refers to the disciplinary action notified by the undergraduate school or graduate school. In cases of suspension, even if the actual suspension period is shortened from the period originally notified due to the student’s conduct of reflection after the disciplinary decision, the repayment requirement shall be determined based on the originally notified suspension period. Page Top  Scholarship,Waseda University Japanese English www.waseda.jp/inst/scholarship Scholarship for Fostering Researchers in Doctoral Programs Emergency Assistance System For International Students Scholarship Registration Contact Visiting Information Site Map Other sites Student Affairs Section ╢ Dormitory Desk, Student Affairs Section ╢ Waseda Weekly ╢ Career Center（日本語ページのみ） ╢ Office for Promotion of Equality and Diversity ╢ ICC(Intercultural Communication Center) ╢ Accessibility Resource Center(ARC) ╢ Gender and Sexuality Center (GS Center) ╢ Student Counseling Center (SCC) ╢