LIVE CHAT
Skip to main content
STUDY
Main navigation
Study
Accommodation
Scholarships
Explore ANU
Contact
Breadcrumb
 
Home
 Apply  English Language Requirements
English language requirements
Contact us

ANU Future Students

Email us

To be eligible to study at the Australian National University (ANU), you need to demonstrate in your application that you meet the English language requirements.

The English requirements are part of the University's minimum admission requirements. In your application you may also need to meet some additional requirements set by your degree program.

Our English language requirements apply to all prospective:

domestic students
international students.

Demonstrating that you meet the requirements

There are multiple ways for you to demonstrate that you meet the English language requirements, including those below:

Completion of prior secondary or tertiary qualifications in English
Providing an acceptable English proficiency test. Here are some of the popular tests:
International English Language Testing System (IELTS)
TOEFL iBT
Cambridge C1 Advanced
Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic
By citizenship of certain English speaking countries (Group A countries) along with education undertaken in that country.

Please refer to the ANU English language policy for more information about satisfying the language requirements.

Apply to study at ANU

Back to top

Acknowledgement of Country

The Australian National University acknowledges, celebrates and pays our respects to the Ngunnawal and Ngambri people of the Canberra region and to all First Nations Australians on whose traditional lands we meet and work, and whose cultures are among the oldest continuing cultures in human history.

Contact ANU
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Freedom of Information
Accessibility

+61 2 6125 5111 
The Australian National University, Canberra

TEQSA Provider ID: PRV12002 (Australian University) 
CRICOS Provider Code: 00120C 
ABN: 52 234 063 906

We use cookies to improve your experience with ANU. For an optimal experience, we recommend enabling all cookies. The ANU Privacy Policy outlines how we handle your personal information - Read more
Cookie settings Accept all