Skip to site search
Skip to main content
Waipapa Taumata RauUniversity of Auckland
Sign in
Sign in
 
Search
Ngā tauira
Students
 
Ngā kaimahi
Staff
 
Raukura
Alumni
Ngā akoranga
Study
Rangahau me te auahatanga
Research and innovation
Te ao ki konei
On campus
Mō mātou
About us
Pitopito kōrero
News
Takoha
Giving

Breadcrumbs List.

Show Truncated Breadcrumbs.
Entry requirements
	
Undergraduate entry requirements
	
You are currently on:
Undergraduate English language requirements
Undergraduate English language requirements

If you're an international applicant and your first language is not English, you will need to provide proof of your English proficiency.

Domestic applicants

If you're a domestic applicant, you will generally meet your English language requirements from your academic background. 

You will be a domestic student if you are:

A New Zealand citizen
A New Zealand permanent resident
A New Zealand resident visa holder
An Australian citizen living in New Zealand
An Australian permanent resident living in New Zealand

For more information, please see Domestic applicants and English language requirements.

Citizens from English-speaking countries

English is considered the first language of citizens of: 

Canada
Ireland
Singapore
The United Kingdom
The United States of America

You are usually exempt from providing proof of English language proficiency, unless asked to by the University of Auckland.

Conditional offers

If you have met the University's academic entry requirements and are waiting on your English language requirement, you may be issued with a conditional offer, subject to meeting the English language requirement. 

Please note, there may be other conditions attached to your conditional offer. 

If you have received a conditional offer and are waiting to meet the English language requirements, you may wish to consider applying for entry to a pathway English language course at the University's English Language Academy.

English Language Academy
School leavers in New Zealand

You must meet the University Entrance literacy requirement for admission, if you are entering the University from: 

National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA)
Cambridge Assessment International Education (Cambridge International) taken in New Zealand*
International Baccalaureate (IB) taken in New Zealand

*Formerly known as University of Cambridge International Examinations (CIE). 

For more information, please see New Zealand secondary school applicants.

If you're a domestic applicant, please see Domestic applicants and English language requirements.

If you're an international applicant and you have completed a qualification other than NCEA, Cambridge International or IB taken in New Zealand, you must meet the English language proficiency requirement through completing an approved English language test or an approved alternative.

Minimum undergraduate English-language requirements

Important things to know: 

You must meet your English language requirements in one sitting of your chosen English language proficiency test or approved alternative
Your results are valid for two years from the date on the test certificate to the start of your studies at the University of Auckland
You can apply for your chosen programme(s) if you have not done your English language proficiency test. You will still have to provide your English language proficiency as this is a condition of your application to meet the entry requirements
English Language Academy (ELA) pathway programmes

You can meet undergraduate English-language requirements by successfully completing either:

The Foundation Certificate in English for Academic Purposes (FCertEAP)
The English Pathway for Undergraduate Studies (EPUS)

These ELA grades are considered to be equivalent to the IELTS bands for admissions purposes:

IELTS 7.0: A- in FCertEAP or EPUS
IELTS 6.5: B- in FCertEAP or EPUS
IELTS 6.0: C- in FCertEAP or EPUS

Please note that enrolment in the ELA programmes are at your own expense.

IELTS (Academic)

Every programme page on our website specifies an IELTS (Academic) score as the minimum English-language requirement for that programme.

IELTS (Academic)	Overall score of 6.0 and no bands below 5.5
Find a study option
IELTS One Skill Retake

IELTS One Skill Retake is now being accepted by the University of Auckland.

This means you can retake one skill below the required band to meet the IELTS requirements. Your One Skill Retake must be completed within 60 days of your original IELTS test and must be completed as a "One Skill Retake".

You will need to meet the advertised IELTS scores in order to meet the English Language Requirements for your programme of study.

For more information, visit IELTS One Skill Retake.

TOEFL
Internet-based TOEFL (iBT): 120-point scale	Overall score of 80 and a writing score of 21
Internet-based TOEFL (iBT): 6-point	Overall score of 4.0 and a writing score of 4.0

We will be able to view and verify your TOEFL result, if you provide your: 

TOEFL registration number
Date of birth

The TOEFL Institution Code for the University of Auckland is 9481.

Note: The TOEFL iBT 6-point scale replaced the 120-point scale in January 2026. The latter may continue to be used as long as the test was taken within the normal 2-year validity period. 

Approved English proficiency tests equivalent to IELTS (Academic)

The table lists what the University accepts as the equivalent to an IELTS (Academic) overall score of 6.0 with no bands below 5.5.

Please note that some Arts and Education programmes require additional evidence of English competency due to professional registration requirements. Some programmes only accept an IELTS test due to professional registration requirements. 

C1 Advanced (previously - Cambridge English: Advanced (CAE))
	Overall score of 169 and no bands below 162

C2 Proficiency (previously - Cambridge English Proficiency (CPE))
	Overall score of 169 and no bands below 162

University of Auckland Foundation Certificate in English for Academic Purposes (FCertEAP)
	Grade of C-

University of Auckland English Pathway for Undergraduate Studies (EPUS)	Grade of C-
Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic*	Overall score of 50 and no PTE Communicative score below 42
Michigan English Language Assessment Battery (MELAB)	80
Trinity College London Integrated Skills in English (ISE)	ISE II with distinction in all 4 components

LanguageCert - Academic	A minimum score of 65 overall and no skill below 60
LanguageCert - International ESOL	C1 Expert (LRWS) with a pass overall and no less than a pass in each skill
AEMG English for Academic Purposes Direct Entry Program (AEAP DEP) Final Exam	Overall score of 65% with no section below 60%
English New Zealand Accredited Pathway Assessment	Assessment Level 2 overall and no skill below Level 1

*You must authorise the University to view and verify your PTE scores. See Sending verified Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic results.

We may be able to consider your study when assessing your English language proficiency, if you are applying for an undergraduate programme and have: 

Done your secondary schooling in English
Completed qualifications such as GCE A levels or IB

Please note that this is assessed on a case-by-case basis. You may be asked to provide further proof of English language proficiency.

Equivalent qualifications

If you have successfully completed study in the English medium, you may not have to take a language test. Please see Section 3.4 in the document below. This document also includes all approved alternatives to our IELTS requirements.

Please note, prior study in the English medium is valid for 2 years after its completion date.


University of Auckland undergraduate English language requirements
.
Size: 433.8 kB.
TYPE:
PDF
.

 Download this PDF
file.
 
SIZE:
433.8 KB
.

Academic English Language Requirement (AELR)

You must meet the AELR if you are admitted to a University of Auckland bachelor’s degree programme and you are:

a domestic student
an international student applying based on a New Zealand secondary school qualification
an international student applying based on results at another New Zealand tertiary institution

The AELR may be met through your entry qualification or through satisfactory completion of an approved course in your first 12 months of study.

Academic English Language Requirement (AELR)
Contact

Phone: 09 923 5025 (within Auckland)
Phone:  0800 61 62 63 (outside Auckland)
Phone: +64 9 373 7513 (from overseas)
Email: admission@auckland.ac.nz


Was this helpful?
Waipapa Taumata RauUniversity of Auckland
Explore
About the University
Our faculties and institutes
About our research
Our campuses
Libraries and Learning Services
Learning and teaching
Find a study option
Our people
University Calendar
Careers at the University
UniServices
Help and support
Contact us
AskAuckland
Emergencies and safety on campus
Donate to the University
Complaints
Provide feedback
Whistleblower hotline
Connect with us
 
 
 
 
Accessibility Copyright Privacy Disclaimer