Skip to site search
Skip to main content
Waipapa Taumata RauUniversity of Auckland
Sign in
Sign in
 
Search
Ngā tauira
Students
 
Ngā kaimahi
Staff
 
Raukura
Alumni
Ngā akoranga
Study
Rangahau me te auahatanga
Research and innovation
Te ao ki konei
On campus
Mō mātou
About us
Pitopito kōrero
News
Takoha
Giving

Breadcrumbs List.

Show Truncated Breadcrumbs.
Entry requirements
	
Postgraduate entry requirements
	
You are currently on:
Postgraduate English language requirements
Postgraduate English language requirements

If you are an international applicant whose first language is not English, you must provide evidence of your English proficiency.

Domestic applicants

If you're a domestic applicant, you will generally meet your English language requirements from your academic background.

For more information, please see Domestic applicants and English language requirements.

Citizens of English-speaking countries

English is considered the first language of citizens of: 

Canada
Ireland
Singapore
The United Kingdom
The United States of America

You are usually exempt from providing proof of English language proficiency, unless asked to by the University of Auckland.

Conditional offers

If you have met the University's academic entry requirement and are waiting on your English language requirement, you may be issued with a conditional offer, subject to meeting the English language requirement.

Please note, there may be other conditions attached to your conditional offer. 

If you have received a conditional offer and are waiting to meet the English language requirements, you may wish to consider applying for entry to a pathway English language course at the University's English Language Academy.

English Language Academy
Minimum postgraduate English language requirements

Important things to know: 

You must meet your English language requirements in one sitting of your chosen English language proficiency test
Your results are valid for two years from the date on the test certificate to the start of your studies at the University of Auckland
You can apply for your chosen programme(s) if you have not done your English language proficiency test. You will have to provide your English language proficiency as this is a condition of your application to meet the entry requirements
English Language Academy pathway programmes

You can meet postgraduate English language requirements by successfully completing either:

The Foundation Certificate in English for Academic Purposes (FCertEAP)
The English Pathway for Postgraduate Studies (EPPS)


These ELA grades are considered equivalent to the IELTS bans for admissions purposes: 

IELTS 7.0: A- in FCertEAP or EPPS
IELTS 6.5: B- in FCertEAP or EPPS

Please note that enrolment in the ELA programme is at your own expense.

IELTS (Academic)

Every programme page on our website specifies an IELTS (Academic) score as the minimum English-language requirement for that programme.

IELTS (Academic)	Overall score of 6.5 and no bands below 6.0
Find a study option
IELTS One Skill Retake

IELTS One Skill Retake is now being accepted by the University of Auckland.

This means you can retake one skill below the required band to meet the IELTS requirements. Your One Skill Retake must be completed within 60 days of your original IELTS test and must be completed as a "One Skill Retake".

You will need to meet the advertised IELTS scores in order to meet the English Language Requirements for your programme of study.

For more information, visit IELTS One Skill Retake.

TOEFL
Internet-based TOEFL (iBT): 120-point scale	Overall score of 90 and a writing score of 21
Paper-based TOEFL (iBT): 6-point scale	Overall score of 4.5 and a writing score of 4.5

We will be able to view and verify your TOEFL result, if you provide your:

TOEFL registration number
Date of birth

The TOEFL Institution Code for the University of Auckland is 9481.

Note: The TOEFL iBT 6-point scale replaced the 120-point scale in January 2026. The latter may continue to be used as long as the test was taken within the normal 2-year validity period. 

Approved English proficiency tests equivalent to IELTS (Academic)

The table lists what the University accepts as the equivalent to an IELTS (Academic) overall score of 6.5 with no bands below 6.0. 

Please note that some Education and Social Work programmes require additional evidence of English competency due to professional registration requirements. Some programmes may not accept alternative test results due to professional registration requirements. 

C1 Advanced (previously - Cambridge English: Advanced (CAE))
	Overall score of 176 and no bands below 169

C2 Proficiency (previously - Cambridge English Proficiency (CPE))	Overall score of 176 and no bands below 169
University of Auckland Foundation Certificate in English for Academic Purposes (FCertEAP)	Grade of B-
University of Auckland English Pathway for Postgraduate Studies (EPPS)	Grade of B-
Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic*
	Overall score of 58 and no PTE Communicative score below 50

Michigan English Language Assessment Battery (MELAB)
	85
Trinity College London Integrated Skills in English (ISE)	ISE III with a pass in all 4 components
LanguageCert - Academic	A minimum score of 70 overall and no skill below 65
LanguageCert - International ESOL	C1 Expert (LRWS) with a high pass overall and no less than a pass in each skill OR C2 Mastery with a pass overall and no less than a pass in each skill
AEMG English for Academic Purposes Direct Entry Program (AEAP DEP) Final Exam	Overall score of 70% with no section below 65%
English New Zealand Accredited Pathway Assessment	Assessment Level 3 overall and no skill below Level 2

*You must authorise the University to view and verify your PTE scores. See Sending verified Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic results.

Equivalent qualifications

If you have successfully completed study in the English medium, you may not have to take a language test. Please see the documents below for approved alternatives to our IELTS requirements.

University of Auckland postgraduate English language requirements
.
Size: 324.0 kB.
TYPE:
PDF
.

 Download this PDF
file.
 
SIZE:
324.0 KB
.

Contact

Phone: 09 923 5025 (within Auckland)
Phone: 0800 61 62 63 (outside Auckland)
Phone: +64 9 373 7513 (from overseas)
Email: admission@auckland.ac.nz


Was this helpful?
Waipapa Taumata RauUniversity of Auckland
Explore
About the University
Our faculties and institutes
About our research
Our campuses
Libraries and Learning Services
Learning and teaching
Find a study option
Our people
University Calendar
Careers at the University
UniServices
Help and support
Contact us
AskAuckland
Emergencies and safety on campus
Donate to the University
Complaints
Provide feedback
Whistleblower hotline
Connect with us
 
 
 
 
Accessibility Copyright Privacy Disclaimer