Skip to the content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to search
Skip to secondary navigation
AUS & NZ
International
Study
Search
Menu
English language requirements 

Find out what English level you need to study at Curtin, and the different tests and qualifications you can use to demonstrate your English competency.

Home
Study
Applying
English language requirements
FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
Overview
How to apply
English language requirements
Moving to Australia
Cross-campus pathways
Curtin English
Information for agents

We’ve customised your web experience tailored to domestic visitors. If this is not right, please switch to International.

Ways to meet English language requirements

Before you start your degree, you must be competent in reading, writing and speaking English. There are many qualifications and tests you can use to demonstrate your English competency. Here are the most common ways to meet our minimum English language requirements.

Undergraduate degrees
Postgraduate degrees
ATAR English/English Literature/English as an Additional Language or Dialect, scaled score of at least 50
English General Grade A (Grade B also accepted for portfolio entry only)
STAT Written English, score of at least 140
Successful completion of UniReady units: Fundamentals of Academic Writing and Foundations of Communication, or equivalent
Successful completion of our UniReady or Indigenous enabling program
View the full list of qualifications and tests
Courses with higher English language requirements

Some courses have specific English language requirements or require a higher score in an approved English language test.

Courses with higher requirements
Didn’t get the year 12 English score you wanted?

Sitting STAT WE is a popular way to meet English competency if you didn’t achieve the score in English you needed in your General or ATAR studies in year 12. You can sit the Written English (WE) section of the Skills for Tertiary Admissions Test (STAT), and if you achieve a score of at least 140 on the test, you’ll meet our minimum English language requirement.

Learn more about STAT WE
Your questions, answered
I scored below 50 in an ATAR English subject. Can I still get into uni?
I scored below grade A in General English. Can I still get into uni?
What is STAT WE?
To study at Curtin, do I need to take an English test as well as complete UniReady?
How do I meet English requirements for an undergraduate certificate or enabling program?
Got a question? We’re here to help.
Browse FAQs
Call 1300 222 888
Ask a question
Book an appointment

Opening hours: Mon to Fri: 8.30am – 4.30pm, except Tues: 9.30am – 4.30pm (AWST). Closed public holidays.

You are viewing content for:
Domestic students

You are considered a domestic student if you are:

a citizen of Australia or New Zealand
a permanent resident of Australia
an Australian Permanent Humanitarian visa holder

If this doesn’t sound like you, or if content for international students is more relevant, you can switch at any time.

View domestic content