Skip to main content
Study
How to apply
English language requirements
Graduate English language requirements
Graduate English language requirements

Find out how to meet the University's English language requirements, depending on your background.

On this page
About English language requirements
English-speaking background or education
Graduate course-specific English test scores
Bridging pathways for graduate courses
Exchange and study abroad English requirements
Graduate English language requirement FAQs
Back to top
About English language requirements
English-speaking background or education
Graduate course-specific English test scores
Bridging pathways for graduate courses
Exchange and study abroad English requirements
Graduate English language requirement FAQs
About English language requirements

All graduate coursework and research degrees at the University of Melbourne are taught and assessed in English. Each graduate course has its own English language entry standard. You may meet this through recent approved study in English, by achieving the required English test scores listed below or – for some graduate coursework programs – by completing a University-endorsed bridging pathway.

English-speaking background or education

If you’re from an English-speaking background or have completed tertiary study taught and assessed entirely in English, you will likely meet the University’s English language requirements without needing to take an additional test.

Recognised English-speaking countries
Completion of an undergraduate degree, or a graduate degree (of at least 2 years duration) in English
Completion of a graduate degree in English (at least 1 year duration)
Graduate course-specific English test scores

English language test score requirements for graduate study vary by faculty and course. Check the course page under ‘entry requirements’ for the exact requirements for each course.

For detailed information about accepted tests, conditions and requirements, and how to submit your results, visit English language proficiency tests.

Bridging pathways for graduate courses

If your score is below the English language requirement for your course, you may still be able to apply. You can receive a conditional offer and complete the University of Melbourne English Language Bridging Program (UMELBP) before you start your degree. The UMELBP is available for many — though not all — graduate coursework courses, so check whether your course accepts it. For full details, including how packaged offers work, see Other ways to satisfy English requirements.

Exchange and study abroad English requirements

If you’re applying for a graduate exchange and study abroad program, the English language requirement may differ from the course requirements. For more information, visit Exchange and study abroad.

Graduate English language requirement FAQs
What are the English language requirements for graduate courses?
What is the minimum IELTS/TOEFL/PTE score for graduate entry?
Can I use previous university study to meet the English language requirement?
Do different graduate courses have different English language requirements?
Can I apply for a graduate course before completing an English test?
What options are available if I don’t meet the graduate English requirement?
Are English test requirements different for research degrees?

How can we help?

Find a course
How to apply
Support centre
Contact us
Acknowledgement of Country

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people as the Traditional Owners of the unceded lands on which we work, learn and live. We pay respect to Elders past, present and future, and acknowledge the importance of Indigenous knowledge in the Academy.

Read about our Indigenous priorities
About us
Careers at Melbourne
Safety and respect
Newsroom
Contact
Campus locations
CONTACT DETAILS
Phone
13 MELB (13 6352)
International
+61 3 9035 5511
Address
The University of Melbourne
Grattan Street, Parkville
Victoria 3010
Australia
CONNECT WITH US
Visit University of Melbourne on Facebook
Visit University of Melbourne on LinkedIn
Visit University of Melbourne on Instagram
Visit University of Melbourne on WeChat
Visit University of Melbourne on TikTok
Emergency
Terms and privacy
Accessibility
Privacy

The University of Melbourne (Australian University) PRV12150

CRICOS: 00116K

ABN: 84 002 705 224

This site uses and shares cookies and similar technologies to personalise your experience, advertise to you where you have opted in and provide content from third-parties as well as analyse our usage. You consent to our use of such technologies by proceeding. You can change your mind or consent choices at any time. Visit our Privacy Statement for further information.

Accept cookies
Cookie preferences