Skip to main content
Study
How to apply
English language requirements
Undergraduate English language requirements
Undergraduate English language requirements

Find out how to meet the University's English language requirements, depending on your background.

On this page
About English language requirements
English-speaking background or education
Undergraduate course-specific English test scores
Other ways to meet English language requirements
Exchange and study abroad English requirements
Undergraduate English language requirements FAQs
Back to top
About English language requirements
English-speaking background or education
Undergraduate course-specific English test scores
Other ways to meet English language requirements
Exchange and study abroad English requirements
Undergraduate English language requirements FAQs
About English language requirements

If you’re from an English-speaking background, you can meet the undergraduate requirement through approved study at secondary or tertiary level. Otherwise, you can qualify by taking an English language proficiency test or by completing a pathway, such as a foundation or bridging program.

English-speaking background or education

If you’ve completed secondary or tertiary education in English or come from an English-speaking background, you may already satisfy the English language requirements without needing to take an English test.

If you are a citizen or resident of an English-speaking country
Completion of secondary school English
Completion of tertiary study in English
Undergraduate course-specific English test scores

If you are from a non-English speaking background, you can demonstrate that you meet the English language requirements by taking an English language proficiency test.

For detailed information about accepted tests, requirements and conditions, and how to submit your results, see English language proficiency tests.

UoM English Level	Previous UoM band	IELTS (academic English Only)	TOEFL Internet-based test	Pearson Test of English Academic	Cambridge C1 Advanced	Language Cert Academic	Michigan English Test (MET)
Bachelor of Agriculture
Bachelor of Arts
Bachelor of Biomedicine
Bachelor of Commerce
Bachelor of Design
Bachelor of Fine Arts
Bachelor of Music
Bachelor of Science
1	6.5	6.5:
with writing 6.0; speaking 6.0; reading 6.0; listening 6.0	81:
with writing 19; speaking 19; reading 16; listening 16	64:
with writing 60; speaking 60; reading 60; listening 60	169:
with writing 170; speaking 179; reading 163; listening 163	67:
with writing 64; speaking 70; reading 60; listening 57	58:
with writing 57; speaking 48; reading 55; listening 56
Bachelor of Oral Health
2b	

7

	

7.0:
with writing 7.0; speaking 7.0; reading 7.0; listening 7.0

	

91:
with writing 26; speaking 24; reading 22; listening 22

	

72:
with writing 75; speaking 76; reading 72; listening 72

	

178:
with writing 193 speaking 
194; reading
194;  writing 179; listening
175

	

73:
with writing 78; speaking 82; reading 71; listening 67

	

62:
with writing 74; speaking 59; reading 63; listening 61

Other ways to meet English language requirements

Not quite at the required English level yet? You can still prepare for undergraduate study through a pathway program – either a foundation program to develop your academic and English skills, or a bridging program to help you reach the required English level.

Foundation studies
Trinity College Foundation Studies
Bridging programs (UMELBP)
Exchange and study abroad English requirements

The English language requirements for undergraduate exchange and study abroad programs may differ from the main course entry requirements. For more information, visit exchange and study abroad entry requirements.

Undergraduate English language requirements FAQs
What are the English language requirements for undergraduate study?
Which English language tests are accepted for undergraduate entry?
Can my high school studies meet the English language requirement?
What are my options if I don’t meet the undergraduate English language requirement?
Do all undergraduate courses have the same English language requirements?

How can we help?

Find a course
How to apply
Support centre
Contact us
Acknowledgement of Country

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people as the Traditional Owners of the unceded lands on which we work, learn and live. We pay respect to Elders past, present and future, and acknowledge the importance of Indigenous knowledge in the Academy.

Read about our Indigenous priorities
About us
Careers at Melbourne
Safety and respect
Newsroom
Contact
Campus locations
CONTACT DETAILS
Phone
13 MELB (13 6352)
International
+61 3 9035 5511
Address
The University of Melbourne
Grattan Street, Parkville
Victoria 3010
Australia
CONNECT WITH US
Visit University of Melbourne on Facebook
Visit University of Melbourne on LinkedIn
Visit University of Melbourne on Instagram
Visit University of Melbourne on WeChat
Visit University of Melbourne on TikTok
Emergency
Terms and privacy
Accessibility
Privacy

The University of Melbourne (Australian University) PRV12150

CRICOS: 00116K

ABN: 84 002 705 224

This site uses and shares cookies and similar technologies to personalise your experience, advertise to you where you have opted in and provide content from third-parties as well as analyse our usage. You consent to our use of such technologies by proceeding. You can change your mind or consent choices at any time. Visit our Privacy Statement for further information.

Accept cookies
Cookie preferences