Skip to main content
Study
How to apply
English language requirements
English language requirements

All study at the University of Melbourne is conducted in English. Find out how to meet the University's English language requirements, depending on your background.

On this page
About English language requirements
How to meet English language requirements
English-speaking background or education
English language proficiency tests
Other ways to satisfy English requirements
Exchange and study abroad English requirements
English language requirements FAQs
Back to top
About English language requirements
How to meet English language requirements
English-speaking background or education
English language proficiency tests
Other ways to satisfy English requirements
Exchange and study abroad English requirements
English language requirements FAQs
About English language requirements

You must satisfy the University's English language requirements for the course(s) you apply for. Every course has specific requirements which you can find on the course page. The documentation required will depend on whether or not you have an English-speaking background.

You can apply for a course even if you’re waiting to take an English test or receive study results, but there will be a limited timeframe to meet the requirement. If you receive a conditional offer, you’ll need to meet the English language requirements before your place is confirmed. If your score is below the requirement, you may still have options — see Other ways to satisfy English requirements.

How to meet English language requirements

There are several ways you can show evidence of English proficiency, depending on your background and the course you're applying for.

If you’re from an English-speaking background or have completed education in English, you’ll likely meet the requirement through approved secondary or tertiary study results.
If you're from a non-English-speaking background, you can meet the requirement by taking an approved English test or completing a foundation or bridging program.

Undergraduate English language requirements Graduate English language requirements

English-speaking background or education

You’ll be assessed as having an English-speaking background if you are a citizen or permanent long-term resident (at least 10 years) who has completed secondary or tertiary education in an English-speaking country recognised by the University.

If you are not from an English-speaking background, you may still qualify if you have completed secondary or tertiary education in a recognised English-speaking country.

Depending on your circumstances, additional eligibility criteria may apply. For details, see the undergraduate and graduate English language requirements pages.

Recognised English-speaking countries
English language proficiency tests

If you are not from an English-speaking background or have not met the English language requirements through previous study, you can take an English language test to show your proficiency. Please make sure you have read and understood the test requirements, the minimum scores and how to submit your results before you apply.

Which English language tests does the University accept?
Required English test conditions
All English test score levels
How to submit your English test results
Other ways to satisfy English requirements

If your English test score is below the requirement, you may still be able to apply. Depending on your level and course, you can complete a pathway program to reach the required standard — and for many courses, receive a conditional offer and study on a single student visa.

Bridging program pathway and packaged offers (international undergraduate and graduate coursework)
Foundation program pathway (international undergraduate)
Exchange and study abroad English requirements

If you’re applying for an exchange and study abroad program, the English language requirement may differ from the course requirements. For more information, visit Exchange and study abroad.

English language requirements FAQs
Why was I asked to take an English proficiency test?
What happens if I defer my course commencement?
Where can I find the exact English language entry score for my course?
Do I need to take an English test if I’m from an English-speaking country?
What if I don’t meet the minimum English language requirement?
What's the difference between a foundation program and a bridging program?
How long are English language test results valid for?
Do English language requirements differ between courses?

How can we help?

Find a course
How to apply
Support centre
Contact us
Acknowledgement of Country

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people as the Traditional Owners of the unceded lands on which we work, learn and live. We pay respect to Elders past, present and future, and acknowledge the importance of Indigenous knowledge in the Academy.

Read about our Indigenous priorities
About us
Careers at Melbourne
Safety and respect
Newsroom
Contact
Campus locations
CONTACT DETAILS
Phone
13 MELB (13 6352)
International
+61 3 9035 5511
Address
The University of Melbourne
Grattan Street, Parkville
Victoria 3010
Australia
CONNECT WITH US
Visit University of Melbourne on Facebook
Visit University of Melbourne on LinkedIn
Visit University of Melbourne on Instagram
Visit University of Melbourne on WeChat
Visit University of Melbourne on TikTok
Emergency
Terms and privacy
Accessibility
Privacy

The University of Melbourne (Australian University) PRV12150

CRICOS: 00116K

ABN: 84 002 705 224

This site uses and shares cookies and similar technologies to personalise your experience, advertise to you where you have opted in and provide content from third-parties as well as analyse our usage. You consent to our use of such technologies by proceeding. You can change your mind or consent choices at any time. Visit our Privacy Statement for further information.

Accept cookies
Cookie preferences